This one is interesting. So your next version is a 19 year old lady who presents the complaining of abdominal pain. This case will give you a very good idea about predominant assessment areas. Your task in this case is take a history for six minutes. Explain diagnosis and differential to the patient. Now you read this case. This is more of the online exam version. This case is a new case in this cluster that started around two years ago in the online exam back then we just had online exams. A very young lady, abdominal pain. You don't have any further information and disturb about duration, location, nothing. So apparently you're black. So in that blankness of this case, you have to think about your history taking. Now in your brainstorming, you quickly think about your critical differentials. You know how to do that by now. You quickly think about your structure. Okay, when I go in intro, the few things that are important. Remember to add rest of concern, explore the pain, I'll re-know my differentials. These are the things that I'm not gonna forget. Squeeze it in six minutes. And in six minutes you have a lot of time. So if I wanna just quickly run through the case and what is the difference of this case that I have six minutes, this is how I'm gonna go. I'm just re-writing down the structure one for the reason of repetition, second for probing further. So you go in, that I did check you sanitize your hand, you sanitize your hand. So that is, let's say, marry your patient. You go sit down, introduce yourself. You ask him a dynamic stability from the examiner. The examiner tells you the patient is stable. Just proceed, don't even ask me, okay? Your grumpy examiner, but thank you for confirming that he's stable, she's stable. So, marry, my name is Amir, I'm your doctor for today. Tell me, how can I help you? You wanna do it a little bit differently. From the notes I can see, you've been having some pain. Tell me more about your pain. This patient starts selling your opening statement that yet, I've had this pain in the right lower side of my stomach. This has been going on for a couple of days. And it is getting worse, which has made me a little bit worried and I want you to check it out for me. Okay, so same statement as usual. Now, have a slide now, have a little bit of understanding about the timing and obviously as usual, your concern as any patient will be. I'll add rest and respond to your statement. I'll acknowledge it. Yes, that is stressful. And the stand you've been having a tough time in the last couple of days. I'm here to help you. And I'm really sorry that you've been experiencing this pain. But to better get a bit of understanding about the pain, we will need to go through a few questions together to figure out what's happening. Is that okay with you? Yes. Now, are you in any pain now? Yes, I am, doctor. Do you want a painkiller? Let's say Mary says, yes, I want some. I'll arrange the nurse to give you some painkillers by the time I ask you the questions. Now, let's go into our case. I need to explore the pain. By now, you already know it's simple, secure, nothing weird. Let's quickly run through it. So can you just reconfirm, where was the pain? Is in the right lower side of my stomach? Okay, so another right lower quadrant. Now, question, definitely the key for shift. So can you tell me where did the pain start? The pain started the exact side. Talk to him, he's still there. Okay, so it didn't start around the belly button or anywhere else. No, okay, no shift. Tell me the intensity. If I'm scared of one to 10, 10 is the worst pain. One is the least pain. How bad is your pain? Five. Regarding the quality, is it a sharp egg or a dull egg? Still. Regarding the onset. So when did it exactly start? Start it, let's say, three, four, five days ago. Since it started, is it on and off or constant? It's just always there, doctor. Is it getting worse? Yes, it is. Any radiation of your pain? No. Have you noticed anything making it better or worse? No, nothing seems to kind of help make it better, doctor. Have you noticed any relation to eating and food? No. Any position makes it better or worse? No. Okay. So at this point, the only thing that I know about this pain is the fact that it's a right lower quadrant with no shift. But I still have my list of differentials. I want to go into three groups, see what I have. So see the GI, see the KUBO, see my pelvic and hair in your cases. It's very rare to drop somewhere else. Let's go into our differentials. I'll just quickly ask you questions. You guys just tell me the boxes. We start from the GI group of differential. What is the first box of questioning? You already know it. You tell me general GI questions. After you've studied this a few times, it will become very like a template. I know general GI questions. You have any nausea, any vomiting, bloating, are you passing wind, constipation, diarrhea, any fever? You find out that this lady, yes, is feverish and she has nausea. Have you voluminated? No. Now let's come down to my red flag questions of bowel cancer. So my general GI, my general cancer questions. And it'll also wait. No. And it'll also have appetite. No. Lumps and bumps. No. Are you feeling lighted and dizzy? No. Let's go through the specific questions. Have you noticed any blood in the stools? No. Dark stools. No. Changes in your bowel motions. No. And any family's drop cancers? No. Just before I let this go, have you had any previous surgeries on your stomach? No, doctor. And are you on any regular medication? No. Okay. Good. Now group number two, KUB differential. In terms of KUB differential, I'll ask the three questions. Are you having any pain or burning on passing urine? No. Are you passing urine frequently? No. Any blood in your urine? No. Okay. Now let's get to the third group, pelvic. In terms of pelvic, I'll still remember I have a hernia question. So have you noticed any swelling, the lumps in your groin? No, doctor. Okay. So let's come to a female lower abdominal pain. Now symptoms first. Do you have any vaginal bleeding? No. Do you have any vaginal discharge? Yes. So suddenly you get, ooh, okay. So you have vaginal discharge. You have a positive finding in a six minute history taking. You have to probe it further. So tell me a little bit more about this discharge. This is not a vaginal discharge case. It's not asking me each and everything about the discharge. But if you wanna choose key characteristics of this discharge, what do you wanna know about this discharge, guys? Key characteristics. Yeah, so I'm not gonna do the timing of the discharge. I'm not gonna do elevating, aggravating of it. I'm gonna do a few of the CCVO. So CCVO is a nomonic that we use for discharge, vomiting, diarrhea, hopefully later on if you end up doing the gynecological workshop we've talked about it completely. The first C is, can you describe the color of the discharge? All of you know the color of vaginal discharge will give you the yellow. Okay, tell me about the consistency. So is it sticky, thick, or is it watery? So is it a watery discharge or is it sticky and thick? She tells you it's like a little bit watery yellow. And maybe the last question that I'll ask is, does it have a bad smell? Yes, does have a bad smell. Okay, so abdominal pain, discharge, yellow, bad smell, I already know where I'm going. I have two groups of questions that I need to ask you. I need a period history. Tell me, what was your last period? About another two weeks ago. So you're not definitely pregnant, that's enough. I wanna sexual history and you know this is critical. Are you sexually active? Yes, I am, doctor. Now question, do you practice safe sex and use condoms? No, I don't. Now, how are we kind of proceeding in this case? We're clearly kind of going down a pathway. Our structure in the basic structure was, we were going to do a screening in all cases, like for example, the previous case was appendicitis case. I told you, one, two questions, even don't ask the third one, we're done. You're finding positives over here. So question, have you ever been diagnosed with a sexual transmitted infection? Yes or no, but maybe I'll ask the next risk factors. What is another risk factor for pelvic inflammatory disease? If you wanna ask me one third, a question. Any history of multiple partners you've had? So have you ever had multiple partners before? Yeah, doctor, you should have a few partners. Okay, so I've got my answers. I think that this is enough. I don't really care if your partners are male or female at this point. You don't have a watch, but you still have extra time. What do you wanna do? I'll start ruling out other differentials. So in terms of my other differentials, let me ask you a few, do you have any rash on your stomach? Does it make sense in a young lady? Have you had any traumas or injuries to your stomach? You're still young, so maybe diabetic etythidosis. Are you feeling more thirsty? No, doctor, are you passing more urine lately? No, doctor, I still have time. Let's start closing our history taking. So do you smoke? Mary, no, I don't. What about alcohol? Occasionally. So how frequently do you drink? Maybe a glass of wine every few weeks, okay? That's fine. Drugs, no. I've already asked you medications, but if you wanna, if you haven't, medication, allergies, and overall any past medical history or family history that you have, no, doctor, I've been generally healthy and we don't have any family history. So if I come back over here, once you take a history, you find all the findings that you need. So right low-court and abdominal pain, no shift, no anorexia, you have a vaginal discharge, you explore it further, it's yellowish, bad smelling. She has multiple partners, she doesn't stick to safe sex, does not use condoms and you might even find other risk factors or STS. Now, this case is interesting. This case has been designed with a predominant assessment area of history taking. So that is why you do not have APV task. Take a history of full six minutes, we're looking at your history taking skills and explaining your different life, not some differentials. In terms of what I look at your history taking guys, I will look at how you respond to the initial statement to make a decision if I want to pass you a nod. So if I want to just tell you how I'll look at you as an examiner, how did you respond to that initial statement? The most important thing in this case is how did you probe further? So did you pick up your positive findings and go further into it to get relevant detail that kind of helps you make a diagnosis? Number three, did you rule out enough differentials? Because this is the lab domain open, I need you to rule out a good number of differentials. So with all of these findings, what do you think your diagnosis is? It's a typical pelvic inflammatory disease. So you just jump to explain this to the patient. Now, what we want to do is quickly tell her the condition. So look, Mary, most likely you have a condition which is called pelvic inflammatory disease. I will not tell a patient that you have PID. PID is for you as a doctor. She doesn't know what PID is. Yeah, pelvic inflammatory disease. I need a simple short explanation. This is an infection. This is an infection in the womb and the tubes. And it's usually caused by sexual transmitted infections, not always usually. Now, what are the reasons of me making this diagnosis? The reasons that I've made this diagnosis is you have a lower abdominal pain or whatever side. You had a vaginal discharge that the characteristics of the vaginal discharge, the fact that it was yellowish, it was a little bit like bad smelling. All of these made me concerned. And you do have a few risk factors of having a sexual transmitted infection. For example, you've had multiple partners. You've had a previous diagnosis of STI. You don't use condoms. All of these are reasons of having a sexual transmitted infection. Now, I do assume there are other findings that people do not describe for you. There's a high chance that this patient tells you I'm feverish. There's a high chance that she'll tell you I have nausea. These are very common findings. But because when people recall it for you, they just write down right lower quadrant, multiple partners, no condoms, vaginal discharge. They usually forget to tell you the rest of the findings. If you found anything else, you can now lay that out. Now, let's come down to differentials. In terms of differentials, we've done it together, guys. So you guys tell me four or five good differentials. Tell me your best GI differential. Tell me your best. Or with differential, tell me your best K. With differential, tell me are not the important differential. So let's go step by step. Mary, I was thinking about other conditions. I was also thinking about other conditions. In terms of other conditions, number one, top of my list, I was thinking about a decided. Yeah. There's inflammation in part of your bowel. This is a simple explanation. It's inflammation in part of your bowel. Not so likely because the pain had not shifted. That's the most easiest reason that I can bring up. Because usually up inside is the pain shifts from the middle to the right lower. You didn't have that. I was thinking about a topic pregnancy. You already have a short explanation. It's a pregnancy abnormally unusually formed in the tubes. I don't think you have that because your last period was two weeks ago. So it'll be too early to get that. I was thinking about urine attracting infections. It's just the infection in your bladder less likely because you don't have any pain or passing urine. I was thinking about my next important differential hernias. This is just the second you're growing. Not likely because you don't have any swelling in the groin. At this point, I had a number of other things that were on my list. If I've asked it or haven't asked it, I was thinking about other GI differential. So just a bowel cancer, bowel obstruction, inflammatory bowel disease, gastroenteritis. I was thinking about other KBDF. So for example, having a kidney stone, renal colleague, urinary retention, I was thinking about other ONG of our total dyectopic pregnancy, but ovarian problems. An ovarian system, ovarian torsion, ovarian cancer. I was thinking about all of these conditions and you tell me the fungels up to the point that you run out of. I still have time. I was thinking about diabetic atastosis. I was thinking about shingles maybe. I was thinking about a traumatic injury to your intra-abdominal organs. These are my differentials for this case. So I don't want you to kind of compare this case with the previous case. And you see, the initial part was totally the same. The structure, however, was very different. We kind of worked on what we found positive in each and every case. Maybe the last thing that I'll do before I let you guys go is we'll have a quick review of PID. And then I'll just look at a second version of this case together. In terms of a PID, for those of you not familiar with the terminology, it's a infection in the upper female genital tract that does involve the uterus, fallopian tubes, ovaries, and so on. So essentially, PID is the package of endometriitis, salpy ingiitis, tubovarian abscess, and even a pelvic cellitis. Most of the time, it's caused by sexual transmitted infections, chlamydia, and gonorrhea, but can also be caused by vaginal flora. In terms of symptoms, gives you abdominal pain, gives you fever, gives you vaginal discharge, can occasionally give you period irregularities like a post-coital bleeding in menoragia. On your physical examination, you expect to find fever, cervical motion tenderness is positive because you have serviceitis and the uterus will be tender because there is endometriitis. You do have salpy ingiitis, the tubes will also be tender. So this is the package of features and symptoms that you're looking at. And again, usually fever, nausea, and vomiting are quite common. Now, let's proceed one step forward. Suddenly, you go into the face-to-face exam, this case comes up. Now, let's look at the case. First thing that people start recalling, this case had a massive stem. By a massive stem, there was two pages of stem. The same 19-year-old lady who presented to you complaining of abdominal pain, but now the stem continues telling you, the pain is in the right lower quadrant, started one week ago, so seven days ago. The lady has a vaginal discharge with this pain. She has passed her bowel motions. She has passed her bowel motions. And they are normal. She's not on any medication. And that's all. You'll have some further information about the side, about the duration, the vaginal discharge is in the stem. Now, the interesting thing over here is, take a history for three minutes. So I know when you see this task in the exam, you start crying out, so I don't know how, how am I supposed to kind of deliver my history, taking a three minutes time. The first thing is, that's why you have a longer stem. That's why I gave you a lot of things in the stem, because I'm not giving you the time to ask that question. And I understand in three minutes time, you can barely just explore the pain. So that's why a lot of things were already there. In a two, three minute history taking, AMC is no longer doing two minute history taking. They used to do it a number of years ago, but they're still doing occasionally three minute history taking. And I tell you, you have a two or three minute history taking. And I'm just asking you, please come in, ask me a key point, get out. Don't ask me any extra findings, come in, ask me key points. That's what I want. That's the best that you can do in three minutes time. Now let's quickly see how I want to apply my structure. Now, my structure doesn't change. The only thing that kind of changes in me is, I want to be a little bit selective. I want to be a little bit selective. What do I mean by selective? I'll go in, quickly examine it. Just tell me the stability, blood pressure, bolsterate respiratory temperature. I'll get that. I'll sit down and introduce myself. How can I help you, Jenna? Jenna again tells you I have a pain in the right lower quadrant that you can see in the stem. It's been there for seven days. I'm giving you more information because you have to wrap up your history fast. And I'm a little bit worried about it. My addressing, the concern and responding to that initial statement stays the same. So I'm really sorry to hear that, Jenna. Again, I'm here to help you, but I'll need to ask you a few questions. And are you in any pain now? I'm okay, Dr. but okay, let's proceed. I will still do a pain assessment. You cannot tell me that I want to skip the pain assessment. I know you'd love to do that, but I will not do it. I already know the side. Let me skip the side question, but tell me did the pain start in the same area or did it start somewhere else? The patient tells you from the beginning, it was just in the right lower side. Tell me the intensity, tell me the quality. Regarding the onset, you already told me it's getting worse. So is it on or off or continuous? Is there any radiation? What makes it better? What makes it worse? So you had three minutes for history taking. How much time have you spent two minutes? No, past case scenario. You have less than a minute. Now I'll let you guys choose five questions you can ask me. Ask me only five questions on history. This is what you might be able to do in the time that you have. What are the key point questions that you want to ask? Yeah, good. What else? Now, this is a point that I need you guys to be a little bit clever. So I don't want you guys to tell me that I want to start with general GI questions in this one. And then red flags of GI because you're going to run out of time and you haven't ticked off your key points. Let's do it like this. You remember when we went into the pelvic area of the female symptoms? I already know there is a discharge, but do you have any vaginal bleeding? No doctor. The stem told me that you have a discharge. Tell me more about that. What is the color? Is it watery or sticky? Is it bad smelling? I will do a period history. So tell me what was your last menstrual period? Still important for me because I'm going to give you antibiotics. I need to make sure you're not pregnant. I will do a very complete sexual history. Now, are you sexually active? Yes. Okay. Do you practice safe sex and use condoms? Nope. I want risk factors. Have you ever had multiple partners? Yes, I have. Ever been diagnosed with sexual transmitted infection before? Maybe yes. Yeah. Now, I'll ask you a question. What are the, what is four and five? Let's say you still have time. So I'll tell you what you found. Yes, I have a yellow discharge, bad smelling, risk factors for STIs. You have 20 seconds left. You have to be very selective of what you decide to do. I will do PID symptoms. So I will be selective nausea, vomiting, fever, lightheadedness, odysiness. And if I get time, I'll do red flags of my GR. I'll ask the most important questions. What are my most important questions? Tell me, have you noticed any blood in your stools, maybe? To be honest, I don't really care about the rest. I will definitely run out of time over here. But let's just quickly proceed to our PFE. The physical examination from examiner is going to be very similar. So if you look at your test number to ask physical examination from the examiner. On your PFE, same general appearance that you've done, same vital sign that you've done, just as a heads up that you need at temperature. You've already done it in hemodynamic stability. Question, you know this case is PID. Will you still do opt-opinal examination? And if yes, will you still do it in the same detail that you did in the previous case? Yes. So I'll do an inspection, I'll do a poll patient, I'll do a pericussion, I'll do a osculation, I'll do a inguinal area and a DR, completely. At this point, I'll start doing a pelvic examination with the constant and the presence of a sharp rod. What do you find? So exam, own inspection. Do I have bleeding discharge, rash, as redness dwellings know? I want to put in a speckle, I'm twice the end of this charge of bleeding from the cervix, no. I want to do a bi-manual examination, cervical motion tenderness positive. Okay, I want to do utericize normal. Is it tender? Yes, it is. I want to check for at the next 10-10-10-10 masses. The examinatels you have right at the next 10-10-10-10. At this point, maybe I'll still do officers. We're in dipstick, good. If you want to ask blood sugar level, you can. I wouldn't ask UPD in a two-week LMP. If the LMP is two weeks, I'm not going to ask you in particular. I'm not going to ask you in pregnancy test myself. Someone will put it in the chat box. Okay, should I ask appendicitis special tests? What do you think? Yes or no? Yes or no? To be honest, even if you do aren't care. Because it's not appendicitis case. It was a key point of the previous case, not this case. Let's say you ask it, wrong thing, negative. It's always negative. It doesn't make much of a difference for me, because this is what I needed you to ask me. And you already have your conclusion. So you explain the diagnosis to the patient. Look at this test. Just explain your diagnosis to the patient. There's a reason that they just want diagnosis and not differentials, because you have a second test that you have to do. And diagnosis, you have a condition called pelvic inflammatory disease. You do the same explanation that we did a minute ago. It's an infection that happens in the womb and the tubes. Usually caused by sexual transmitted infection. And we want to talk about reasons. First of all, findings of history. You have a lower abdominal pain with discharge that is yellow, with respectors of sexual transmitted infection. And on your physical examination, I found your womb is tender. The tubes are tender when I pulpit them when I touch them. So these are the reasons I've made this diagnosis. Usually I make something for you over here, guys. I would still prefer you to say a few differentials. But if I want to be a little bit more accurate, a few differentials in only a few seconds. The differential is not your task over here. I've not asked it from you, but there have been a few things that have happened over the year. I still tell you, even if I don't ask you differential, drop your first few critical differentials in five seconds. I did have other reasons that can cause pain in that area, like appendicitis, like, for example, ectopic pregnancy and hernias, but they're not likely in your condition. That takes me to my management. Now, looking at this case, guys, you've spent three minutes on history taking. You spend at least two minutes on your physical examination. Five minutes, you spend at least one minute over here when you get to the management. And you have something between one to two minutes left if you're really lucky. And you've been really fast. What I want you to understand over here, this is not a six, seven minute counsel in case of PID. You have one minute, you have to tell me your management plan. So the management plans that I expect in these cases from you are bullet points. Now you guys tell me, what are your bullet points or management or pelvic inflammatory disease? Yep, what else? Yep, the two initial critical boxes that I want to say before I run out of time is investigations and management. Now what is the critical investigation? If you want to say one investigation, only one thing, most important thing. So first thing first, I want to take a swap. So, Jenna, look, for managing this condition, the first thing we need to investigate it, I'll be taking some swabs. The swabs that I'm taking, I'm doing both are microscopy culture sensitivity and at the same time will do a chlamydia and gonorrhea PCR on that swap. I do still recommend a full STI screening. I do still recommend a full STI screening that does include HIV, syphilis, and hepatitis B. And we can do bloodstue. To be honest, the bloodstue is the least important. We can still do a full body examination if you want to do a ESR and a CRP. Now in terms of management, before I show you the guidelines, so will you wait for the results? Or will you just start management now without waiting? Yeah, I'll just, again, this is a very common topic we also talk about in gynecology, guys. Pelvic Info Matroid Disease, guidelines tell you that diagnosis is clinical, which means you don't need any investigation results to come back. You have a package of clinical findings. You have a low threshold of suspicion and as long as you have a low threshold of suspicion, diagnosis, clinical, you make the diagnosis. You always want to look into risk factors, risk factors of STI's recent partner change, partner refresh, STI, recent uterine instrumentation, and so on. On your physical examination, findings of archa motion tenderness is important, at an excellent uterine tenderness is important. And however, although, by a manual examination, it's ideal. Sometimes the lady will not let you examine her, even if she doesn't let you examine her, it will not alter your progress. You have a low threshold of treatment. So how do we treat it? A therapeutic guidance divides it into non-severe PID and severe PID. It is a little bit obvious. A non-severe PID is a lady who doesn't have severe pain, doesn't have severe temperature, doesn't have sepsis features, and doesn't have abses. In that case, you give her a pack of free antibiotics. For those of you who are good at STI management, you can use it as a treatment. It's a good way to treat antibiotics. For those of you who are good at STI management, you treat gonorrhea. At the same time, chlamydia. At the same time, the normal flora. So you give her a kefir accent, metronidusol and doxycycline. The question that I'm sure someone wants to ask me because it's our first class, should I memorize the doses? I would, because you have a chlamydia and gonorrhea counseling case. So you will have to memorize the doses for other places. I'll get you guys to memorize it. So Jenna, we're not going to wait for the results. We're not going to wait for the results. And we'll start treatment today. I'm just telling you the layman explanation of an empirical treatment. So what I'm going to do, I'm going to give you free antibiotics. The free antibiotics is we're going to do kefir accent. I'm going to give you an injection of 500 mg stat. You don't need to know that looking okay. I'm going to give you doxycycline, the treatment of chlamydia, 100 mg twice a day for two weeks. Chlamydia treatment is for a week, PIDs two weeks. And I'm going to give you metro, 400 mg twice a day for 14 days. So I need to hear this before you run out of time and saying all of this takes a lot of time because it's not easy to do this, do this. You had just one minute, number one is critical, number two is critical. If I have extra time, what I'm going to add to this management, if I have extra time, it's not going to replace number one and two. I'm going to give red flags to the patient that is kind of the next page of therapeutic guidelines. If you have features of a severe PID, which means your pain gets worse, your fever gets worse, you start getting drowsy, vomiting, you go to the emergency department for me because then we have to give you IV antibiotics. So again, what are your red flags? Pain increases, fever goes higher, you start getting dizzy and feel unwell, you need to go to the emergency department for me. I will review you. Obviously, when those swaps come back, and obviously we're talking about a STI topic, so it's always good to maintain a safe sexual practices. Have a made regular partner, use condoms and stuff like that. I guarantee that you wouldn't get time to do this, to be honest, I don't care about it that much. Bullet point number one, bullet point number two. Take off your boxes, we're good to go. And that'll kind of wrap up this case. So today as our first class guys, I'll just summarize what we've done together. We made a structure together. Yeah. We made a basic structure. What do we want to do? Abdominal pain. We made a good list of differentials. We talked about our PFE structure. Then we went into a case. I decided to do the right lower quarter in abdominal pain today to show you that all three cases had right lower quarter in abdominal pain. Did you see how all three cases were a little bit different to each other? In each case, we did something a little bit differently. But the idea was the framework was the same. The thinking process was the same. The structure was the same. The differentials was the same. I mean, the appendicitis brought up key points of appendicitis. In the three minute case of PID, I went a little bit key point in the six minute history. I went into deep pelvic history and other differentials that we had. So I'll just quote myself what I told you at the beginning. We make one structure together, build a framework together. Once we start doing recourse together and our first next class, we're going to do more recourse together. We start covering key points. At that point in each and every case, I'm going to tell you specific to this case. This is the key point that comes to you in the case. There is no chance. And by no chance, I mean, no one can do this. No one can read this stem in the exam. And go like, I know this is appendicitis. None of you can do this. For the person who's memorized recourse, it's easy when you read it because you have a Marvon note, Marvon Rosatis written down case of appendicitis. This is the stem. You know it's appendicitis. This is your questions. When you go in the exam and you read this stem, this is the moment that you realize like, when I read this stem, I didn't know it's appendicitis. That's why inside, I didn't know it's appendicitis. When I figured out it's appendicitis, it was too late. I had to ask my key points and I didn't pass my case. So you want to be a little bit careful. Hopefully today I've been able to help you guys. What are me by approach rather than memorizing recourse because memorizing recourse will not help you in the exam.