[0:00:00] But why do we fail? So this is the important part that we want to talk about. Two components that we need to figure out together.
[0:00:07] On, let's talk about the first part before I go forward. Look guys, it is very normal to form emotions.
[0:00:16] Yeah, there is this osc.y examination deconstructing an osc.y written by a English, British psychiatrist. She says like one of the first emotional responses to failing osc.y exam, especially if you are IMG.
[0:00:30] is to stop blaming that college, that organization, that they are unfair, they want to fail us, they want to make money, racism, this, that.
[0:00:40] This is just an emotional response because you're still in denial. You don't take any part of the blame that maybe I didn't perform well. It's all their problem. I don't understand what, why didn't it pass me? I have to pass.
[0:00:51] I'm overconfident that I'm on a passing level. That's a normal emotional response. I don't know. I don't blame anyone for me. That kind of, that kind of emotion and that kind of feeling.
[0:01:00] But I usually tell these kind of people who start developing that kind of emotions around this, that before you step foot into this path, you know that this exam has a passing rate of 25%.
[0:01:12] Hopefully you knew, if you knew that if I walk into this exam, I already understand that chances, the odds of me failing are way more than the odds of me passing this exam.
[0:01:23] So there's something wrong there. But going forward, AMC on further March 2025, did this kind of workshop or session for course providers that I was in that session two and that was part of their talking about the exam to course providers.
[0:01:39] I was expecting someone to talk about it anyway. I think everything that was told to us in that session was kind of intended for you guys to hear. So I've kind of put a summary of why AMC thinks you fail.
[0:01:50] The first interesting thing is like AMC claims that they have around 7,000 examiners. That was, I was quite surprised. I was like, wow, that's a large number of examiners.
[0:02:01] As much as you think being a AMC examiner is a very big thing and a cool thing. Everyone has been an examiner in AMC and a consultant, the registrar, whoever you have in Australia, GP has been in that exam room once.
[0:02:13] They have a big cohort of simulated patients. So again, you do get the understanding that it does get a little bit subjective anyway because we're dealing with a large number of people.
[0:02:25] And they do like training sessions for the simulated patients and examiners. So the good thing is they have been doing a little bit more training on their role players in 2025. I've been hearing less problems with the role players compared to all the stores that I used to hear in 2019, 2020.
[0:02:40] The cases are very tightly scripted now. So you get better answers. Previously, we used to have a little bit of problems. And they usually do training and rehearsals for the cases that again makes it a little bit nicer.
[0:02:52] They are training their examiners that we are going to give you defined specific expectations. That means we're just going to make it a little bit more objective. That's the purpose of all ski exam. The station has a pre-dominant assessment area. We need specific expectation. You have key steps key points, stick it off.
[0:03:08] Pass of ALD candidate. Then AMC started talking about discussion. What do examiners see as the challenges in IMG's passing the examination? This is what they listed.
[0:03:20] So the first thing is candidates may focus on stating facts learned from study rather than synthesizing and applying their knowledge and clinical reasoning, showing themselves to be clinically competent.
[0:03:29] I would say this is the robotic performance. When you walk into all ski exam and you say, we're just pretending here, such as a simulation. I'm just going to pretend to be a robot ask questions of either who at that point, clinical reasoning, interviewing skills are not pass. This is happening more and more in 2025.
[0:03:47] Now, telling the examiner of simulated patient about a topic, not focusing on the patient in front of them. This is telling you the same thing that look, we are looking at your interviewing skills as much as it's artificial simulated environment with simulated role play. We are looking at how you will deal with a patient.
[0:04:02] And this is why many people in 2025 are coming out and telling you, we pass. Please take this as a real patient talk to the guy to the role play in front of you as you would have talked to our real patient.
[0:04:12] And many candidates struggle with scenarios that involve mental health. Those of you who've done my psychiatrist, we definitely know what we're talking about, women's health prescribing, working with other healthcare professionals and so on.
[0:04:24] Now, this is the most important thing, some of the one of the nicest things that they brought up, they said, we realize there is this problem in them. There is a tendency to focus on the diagnosis rather than the patient presentation and the tasks.
[0:04:38] So there is a tendency to focus on the recall rather than saying, this is a chess, paying case and I need to approach a chess, paying take a history from a chess, paying. I know the cases recall the recall is m i is paracarditis, I know I have a tunnel vision, I want to get there.
[0:04:53] Even if you give me other findings, I'm going to get there.
[0:04:57] The problem that we see is the known case. That is the same recall we're talking about. There is an apparent memorization of scenarios or presentations.
[0:05:06] And what we notice in these cases are there are early assumption of responses. Before the role play gives them a finding, they ask that finding a little bit too stupidly obvious.
[0:05:16] How did you know that I have that?
[0:05:20] So please, again, AMC in directly is telling you good luck on passing this exam with recalls. You're looking for shortcuts, good luck.
[0:05:28] You're looking for that bridge, good luck. We're not going to pass you if you know the diagnosis, you're not going to pass you if you know the approach or presentation, not the recall.
[0:05:36] And that is what I've been doing and what I've been telling you all along, it's a structure, it's not a recall.
[0:05:42] You want to do it as a recall again, just think to yourself why is only 25% of us passing such a small number of us.
[0:05:52] Regarding your physical examination stations, they brought this up that occasionally there is no lack of focus. You don't know what you're doing.
[0:06:00] For those of you who have studied physical examination, you know that on explain their examination, this is your running commentary. You don't do a proper running commentary. We don't pass you.
[0:06:08] The technique and accuracy is one big part of your scoring. Yes, you do something properly, but it's not accurate. We're not going to pass you.
[0:06:15] You don't state your findings today, examine the running commentary. You do a mental state examination, but it's just formula responses. You've just memorized. If I get a panic disorder, I'm going to say this, this, this and that that I always tell you, please do not memorize.
[0:06:29] I miss you. Look at me. Look at that four or five minute video. Take a history for me. Tell me what you observe rather than memorizing. Okay, in the depression, I'll say this and that.
[0:06:38] In this case, I'll memorize a list of findings. That's just a formula response. You're not going to pass those cases.
[0:06:43] And they brought up this point that, look, please attend to the opening statement. And follow on onto the response to an open-ended question.
[0:06:52] The statement that they give you. I still have problem when I'm doing a psychiatry workshop. I tell you guys, please ask a second open-ended question. All of you come back.
[0:06:58] What should I ask a second open-ended question?
[0:07:01] Because you go in the exam and do this. How can I help you? I'm feeling sad. Okay, tell me how's your mood is. How's your sleep? How's your appetite?
[0:07:08] Guys, it is very clear now, something different. So again, those of you who know me, I've been working in this field of AMC. I did my exams in 2017.
[0:07:20] I've been training you guys for seven years now. AMC has evolved during the years. One of the big changes that has happened to me was 2019, the start of 2019.
[0:07:31] I'll say the second one was the start of online exams of COVID, obviously needed. The next one is the 2025 exams. They're giving a lot of weight on communication skills.
[0:07:40] By saying communication skills, it's not the way that you talk. It's your interviewing skills. The way that you engage with that patient, the way that you talk to the patient.
[0:07:50] Again, I've been trying to help you guys understand. I'll leave that robotic sense a little bit behind and go into a more interactive engagement with my patient.
[0:07:59] They bring this up to we want to authenticate engagement with the patient. We want active listening. We don't want you to just run for a list of questions without even listening.
[0:08:06] This is when you the role play is still answering your question. You interrupt them. No, shut up. Let's go to the next question.
[0:08:12] You need active listening. You need to respond to their findings. You need to go into that. You need to have clarity in giving diagnosis. If you think you're diplomatic, you're going to want to find height behind, hide behind words or a list of findings or that differentials not going to work.
[0:08:26] You need clarity in the diagnosis. Again, when you get to management, you want to be very specific in that context. Why do I think you guys fail? Why do I think you guys fail?
[0:08:36] I've already talked about the normal emotional response. Just to make this clear, I don't mean that you guys are not right. I don't disagree with all the things that you say, but at the same time, I do not agree with any statement you want to make about AMC AMC is this AMC is that I've done a pesky in Australia. I've done my fellowship exams here.
[0:08:54] AMC is the best off the exam in Australia, the most clearest, most straightforward off the exam in Australia. You have off the exam in Australia that they tell you PF pass fail. What about my station? Sorry. What about the school? Sorry.
[0:09:08] We're just going to send you a P or F AMC is giving you broken down schools for each and every task of yours of your performance for each and every station very clearly.
[0:09:18] Yeah, it is a tough exam. No one denies that before I want to say anyone is unfair or anything is happening on the background. I'll say like we are not walking in this exam prepared because many of you walking with either insufficient preparation or incorrect preparation.
[0:09:35] Now, all of you know you have a 25 passing rate. Who told you guys to expect the pass with putting 50% of your effort in? Find that person pin him down telling why did you say that? Who told you you're going to pass this exam with recourse? Find that person, put him down and tell him why did you give that piece of advice was who told you you're going to pass this exam by studying pass recalls of three six nine months.
[0:09:58] If that was the case, all of you guys have had the recourse for years, all of you guys have a number of notes. You have more of our notes, lives, the notes, this note, that note, old note, new note, this note, if it was about notes, why are you guys failing?
[0:10:11] And insufficient preparation will not pass you will most likely not pass you, especially if it's not clever.
[0:10:19] And it's the truth was truth of this exam. This exam is so tough 25% passing rate. If I'm walking in and I'm really serious to pass, I'll put in my 100% effort. That is different for different people. Someone is free 24 seven study. Someone has a family. Obviously less study. Someone is working as a family. Someone has more problems.
[0:10:39] 100% effort is you do your best on your first go to walking. Unfortunately, I cannot put guarantee and promise you guys that you'll pass with your 100% effort. There is still a 95% chance of passing. There's a 5% luck that you need on the day and we can't do anything about that.
[0:10:54] But I can guarantee if you didn't pass on your first go, you'll pass on your second go or the next go, you will pass.
[0:10:59] And the next problem is incorrect preparation that usually incorrect preparation comes from incorrect advice. The stupid advice that you received that unfortunately there's still a lot of people who haven't done the exam.
[0:11:11] They're telling you walk in do three differentials guys go in do three differentials anyone passes come to me come to me I'll stop teaching forever.
[0:11:19] I've done that myself. It doesn't work.
[0:11:23] The problem of 2025 in this environment is now you guys are lucky when I did my course back in 2017 there was just a handful of options.
[0:11:31] Now the problem now is multiple options online face the face person organization different people Australian IMGs influencers YouTube.
[0:11:44] The guy who wants to call himself spider man or whatever. There's a lot of voices here and it gets a little bit challenging to list. Okay, which one should I listen because I'm you said this this guy says that the other one says something else.
[0:11:55] And I'm getting confused who should I follow.
[0:11:58] I'll make sure to think I never ask you guys to blindly follow and everyone I'll just bring up this point if anyone tells you to do something please make a logical informed decision about it.
[0:12:10] If it doesn't match your logic please refuse it even if it's coming from me I tell you do this and we're just logical reasonable don't do it.
[0:12:18] And please do that for other people to just keep it that way I'll work on a proper preparation plan now the questions that I get can I just study three months recalls passes exam good luck.
[0:12:30] Can I skip this topic completely you're reducing your chance of passing do I need structures call me after you failed. Why do I need why do I need to do the hard way is there any short cut just give me 20 pages of notes 20 cases all study and pass exam don't work with me go to the person who does this for you.
[0:12:47] I want to study notes you already have notes go in Facebook or in telegram download all of them start reading notes call me after you didn't pass.
[0:12:54] Yeah. There's a big lack of understanding that we have around all skis that is obvious because we haven't done too many all skis back at home.
[0:13:02] We haven't done it I did one all ski back home until I came to Australia and we're wow.
[0:13:07] Amcaclinico was a different all ski took me a while to understand OK what is all ski what is the name so clinical what is a pesky what should I do how should I perform medical students here from the first year they put into all skis.
[0:13:18] They get trained by all skis they know how to deal with all skis with all the tips that they can kind of navigate through that process but just to tell you that where all skis come from so this is a Miller's pyramid that nobody talks about actually learned about just recently when I was doing biomedical education course in.
[0:13:33] Melody University apparently there's a Miller's pyramid that is designed for education and assessments for medical professionals that you do have a pyramid of different levels that you the doctor has to know things know how that these are usually assessed by mcq's but when we get to oscq's just the keyword for me show how.
[0:13:52] Yeah you pass your mcq by starting notes because you just needed to know and tick off the box now and all skis assessing you to show how you do with not to come in and just list the things that you.
[0:14:04] Started out this this this this and leave the station we're not going to pass you because we are assessing your competence on the fact that you show us how you perform and that is the purpose of all skis that kind of brings up this big.
[0:14:16] Discussion that we have knowledge first component delivery i think you guys failed a mcclinical because there are big deficiencies in both components the deficiency that you have in the knowledge component unfortunately instead of preparing well to present a case performing a case you've you've decided to do recalls recalls is the end outcome of a case.
[0:14:40] That means before even saying hi to me introducing yourself you already have a you have set your mind that this is my diagnosis and it doesn't work like that it will never work like that because you have a tunnel vision this is all of the people who tell you after the exam that I'm here I failed all of the cases that are for all past easily with a seven.
[0:15:01] Maybe you had a tunnel vision and maybe have a little bit of confidence there is a knowledge gap over here not that anyone's knowledge is bad or not sufficient or anything also you do need a very specific piece of knowledge for this exam this is my understanding and yes i'm not talking about anyone else i'm talking about myself when I had to when I came to Australia I needed to change the.
[0:15:22] I did not know too much of a skin now I know a lot of asking I didn't know many things now I know it very well because that is the context of Australian practice doesn't matter if you're a GP or in the E.D.
[0:15:34] The second problem is your delivery now even if you're professor John Muuta you have a hundred percent knowledge the way that I ask you exam works is you deliver it on the day don't deliver it unfortunately I wouldn't be able to pass you and I'm very sorry I know your qualification I know your professor John Muuta but you didn't deliver it.
[0:15:51] On the day for me to take off the boxes that the delivery needs a little bit of practice needs a little bit of understanding about time management stress management yeah a little bit practice on staying on your structure how you need to talk interviewing skills.
[0:16:07] So now yes you read the structure of chest pain but now you have to know how to do your interviewing skills to kind of respond to the patient active listening get the job done in that short amount of time that you have.
[0:16:18] So two different components both have their problems your knowledge is usually replaced by recalls go in your telegram group there will always one person crying what is this case you're looking for the recall.
[0:16:28] And when you get to the delivery you don't have a clear understanding you have a practice time management you have a practice practice structure you go and with a mess and expect to pass that usually doesn't happen.
[0:16:37] But one of the interesting things that I kind of learned around two years ago when I started working with RACGP so I had to sit as a kind of a assessor for GP specialist doing kind of a osuke exam that we call a mini CX and the first thing that they do the train me you want to be an examiner we have to train you I've talked about this multiple times since I learned it I told you the first thing that they tell me like look you're not going to pass anyone who does a number of things and you have to be aware about these biases in osuke exam because I don't know what I'm going to do.
[0:17:06] And I'm going to ask you because an osuke exam has a bias the only way that we can kind of sort this bias out is to train our examiners now there is a cognitive bias cognitive bias is a systemic systematic thought process caused by the tendency of the human brain to simplify information processing it through a filter of personal experiences and preferences.
[0:17:25] It is still systematic it is still systematic but you're not hearing the things that do not match your diagnosis because you've made up your read you've made up your mind that this is the recall case of pericarditis you're not even hearing it you're putting it for a filter no I don't want to hear about it's better on leaning forward don't tell I don't want to ask the key points I know is pericarditis.
[0:17:48] There is premature closing this has been a problem of always a premature closing is when you tend to have tendency to end the decision making process too early a person will finish a case too early that knows the outcome.
[0:18:02] That knows the recall the diagnosis is even accepted before it's been fully verified this is one of the most common reasons they fairly in the cases.
[0:18:10] Yeah good job you came to quote diagnosis but I'm not going to pass you because you didn't ask the questions that you needed to get to that diagnosis how did you make that diagnosis.
[0:18:20] If you didn't ask me keep one questions of migraine how do you know is migraine.
[0:18:24] Then your answer is you know the patient said she sleeps in a dark quiet room I said that that is not enough to make a diagnosis of migraine the recall says is migraine yeah good job the recall is migraine you didn't ask me key points you prematurely close the case I'll see you next time.
[0:18:38] There is a confirmation bias the patient the candidate who comes in I know the case is migraine five questions why should I rule out differentials yeah someone told me that I'll pass with two differentials and empathy why should I rule out differentials I'll just only seek information to support my diagnosis that I already know it I have confirmation I want to pass the case I'll see you next time.
[0:19:00] And the last bias is over confidence bias yeah but you usually see someone with over confidence bias arguing screaming everywhere this happened to me that happened to me our AMC this AMC that that is a big example of over confidence bias which means you might be a little bit too over confident about yourself.
[0:19:20] Yeah you think you did well you didn't see your own performance because you were deep overwhelmed into performing it someone else who seen you has not approved that performance.
[0:19:29] So maybe I'll give it a 1% chance that maybe I did something wrong if you're not giving that 1% chance that maybe I'm not doing it good there is clearly over confidence bias and I'm definitely not going to pass you if there is over confidence bias.
[0:19:40] So if we want to kind of learn from the experience at the end of the day do notes help us look I really bring this up that if you're still looking for notes and it doesn't matter what the name of the note is so it's more than lives the Ukraine and the SGL's fire demand notes amies notes whatever notes if notes were supposed to pass us all the notes are similar in different ways maybe the sequence of the questions are different.
[0:20:09] You would have passed the passing rate wouldn't be 25% if recalls were passing us we had Facebook groups we had telegram groups you have WhatsApp groups you have a lot of groups you have recalls you have friends you have this.
[0:20:21] The passing rate would have been 25% now there's we're not seeing pass feedback of candidates anymore that I do understand why they don't want to do that I wouldn't have done that myself too.
[0:20:32] And even when we had passed feedbacks in 2021 to 2022 we were still not passing passing rate was 25% you have a lot of tutors now different tutors you have a lot of courses now who do it differently some do classes some do recording some do question back some do AI generated material for you if it was about tutors and courses are passing rate would be 25%
[0:20:54] So you really have to think to yourself what is the big problem over here the problem is your mindset and the way that you want to okay I don't want to put in the effort I don't want to study I don't want to be a better doctor I don't want to prepare for the real life practice in Australia that is waiting for me because even if I pass this exam my consultant will shred me to pieces when I don't know how to do a proper know school examination
[0:21:18] I don't want to do it the hard way watch the study structures watch the right and notes I just want to shortcut just give me I want to do it MCQ way give me one month three months of recalls I'll study a few notes 30 40 pages going the exam and pass it I wouldn't say if that happens or not the passing rate of the exam is 25%
[0:21:39] you can decide to do whatever mindset and if you choose a incorrect mindset you have to correct it sometime or keep arguing I will remind you that the problem here is AMC tells you do it my way and I'll pass you we don't have any problems together you want to do it your way do it your way forever we're not going to pass you now we are Australian we've developed it on Australian ways we don't really care what you always you always not our way
[0:22:08] do it 10 times do it 20 times yes they're up and people have done the exam I don't know since 2014 and they're still not passing it because you don't want to change it to the thing that they expect from you and before you want to say they unfair they do this they do that they want to make money maybe you're not good
[0:22:25] give it a 1% chance if you're giving it 1% good if you're not there's a problem with you I will preferably look into preparing well for the exam guys and I just want to tell you something if the routine way of preparation was helping people pass we would have had a higher passing rate if notes recalls memorizing shortcuts would have worked we would have been passing
[0:22:49] just want to help you understand maybe give up the idea early on understand you're in a tough game it is a tough exam low passing rate you're almost likely going to fail unless you're lucky and get through the first time I personally I'm never lucky I never get it get got in in my first go and I'll tell you about myself in a second but I will prepare properly I'll bleed I'll cry and I'll sweat and do it once I might not pass on the first go but I'll definitely pass on the second go I had a few great people
[0:23:18] in 2025 that I used to tell them 100% going and pass out of those 10 people eight of them did two of them didn't the two didn't one went into depression I lost contact with them one came back email DMC I want to do the exam ASAP did the exam in three weeks time passed
[0:23:35] that and the funny thing is she says I didn't study for the second go that just tells you you have to be a little bit persistent stay in the course and do it properly to hopefully pass it