cases and those are your right, right-up accordion cases. Now, if you ask me which group of these cases has the highest failure rate is this one, just because of the confusion that we get in the diagnosis. I was looking at a few recalls. There's still a lot of confusion with the case. Let's look at it. Now, you have a 52-year-old lady comes to you complaining of pain in a right-up or abdomen. Very specific. Okay, abdominal pain, right-up accordion, who in the stem? You need to take a history for four minutes. You need to ask me physical examination from examiner. We're just going to be findings. If you ask it specifically, we're going to explain diagnosis and differentials to the patient. Okay, so maybe the only thing that we need to do quickly, put the groups of differentials that you want to rule out in this patient. If you know that, you know what to do. What are the groups of differentials that you want to consider ruling out in this patient? So it's a right, definitely, we're in gold water. What else? Still pancreatitis. Yeah. It's an upper abdominal pain. So I'm still looking, maybe, to be able to also do this. Maybe gastroesophageal reflux, but I'm still definitely doing ACS and pneumonia. So as much as it's a right, we're going to make a specific structure to me, still, upper abdomen, no pain. I'm just rearranging. The previous one we did pancreas first because it was a gastric. This one is right, liver first. Then we'll figure out. Now what is the big confusion of this case because we want to build a structure for that purpose? Is the confusion because between these three cases, that all three are exam cases, between biliracolic, colicistitis and the worst of them all, colinitis. So we need a structure that kind of helps us understand which one are we having? Are we having biliracolic? Are we having colicistitis? Are we having colinitis? Let's have a quick review of these three topics before we kind of drop into the case. What is biliracolic or biliracane? You have a stone in your gallbladder that is not blocking anything yet. That is not in the ducts blocking and causing inflammation in your gallbladder. What do you have? You get acute onsits of pain. Most of the time, the postparandial, when you eat especially large meals, fatty meals, your gallbladder wants to give you a pop, but it gets a little bit painful. Last a couple of hours gets better by itself. You can be in the right-topic quadrant, you can be in the epic astrogaria. And famously, you can radiate to your right shoulder. So you know, gallbladder pain always goes to your shoulder, goes up. Sometimes might go to your back. Now, more to say, it might get some relief by flex motion. Sometimes, sometimes nausea and vomiting can happen in that context of that short lift pain. So these are all biliracolic. If you ask me, in terms of biliracolic, most of the time, I'll have a normal examination. And this is what motor draws for you. So again, you have a localized end and as they again can go to your shoulder, can go behind. This is the place that you expect to get biliracolic and colicistitis. So what is colicistitis then? Colicistitis is that when that stone has blocked the duct, when you block it, the bowel doesn't go anywhere. You go about it gets inflamed. You get a swollen inflamed thick wall, gallbladder. You have severe pain and tenderness. You start having extreme nausea and vomiting. It can be related to breathing. In the 2025 exam, the patient tells you like, yeah, the pain is worse on breathing. For the first time they're doing this. You will do a physical exam. You find tenderness on the gallbladder. You do get a Murphy sign that we'll talk about. Sometimes you'll get a probable gallbladder, but to your surprise, Colicistitis. Colicistitis can give you a jaundice. Some of you think no, no, no, no, jaundice, or hepatitis. 15% of your cases will have jaundice. It's a gallbladder that it's inflamed. Who's sitting next to the gallbladder? It's the liver. Your liver is connected to your gallbladder. And can give you fever. Plus minus. When you say plus minus, you say it's not an essential criteria. You might get it. You might not. And the diagnosis is ultrasound. Everyone knows the treatment. We're going to talk about it in a new case about what is the treatment of colicistitis. You're going to do investigations, the bloods and the scans and decide about your management. Then we'll get to colonjitis. So what is colicistitis? Colicistitis, you have a bacterial infection in tubes in the ducts. Everyone knows this. Good. Everyone knows the triad. Good. So you know, if you have a patient who has a severe fever, a right upper quadrant pain, and has jaundice, you don't ask me question. This patient is colicistitis until you prove it otherwise. Why are you panicking so much about colicistitis? colicistitis is bad. It is a severe condition. It is lethal. It's not like colicistitis. You can wait on colicist, do something for colicistitis. Colinjitis is a severe bacterial infection that you have that needs urgent treatment. The most important question that you have to answer, what are the causes of colinjitis? Who gets a bacterial infection in the ducts? Good question. This is where AMC puts the finger into the case and creates a problem for you guys. Who gets colinjitis? A few people. Number one, gallstones. Oh, you just told me if we have gallstones in the duct, it gives colicistitis. Yes, it's colicistitis until you get that bacterial infection and then you call it colinjitis. Who else? Cancer. Blocking the duct. Okay, let's start a bacterial infection there and then the strictures there. Who gets a stricture? You've done a surgery. I don't remove the entire ducts. Part of the duct is there. It is narrow. And due to whatever other reason, I don't know what other autoimmune conditions you have strictures. And you start worrying about colinjitis. So having said all of this and again, just to kind of emphasize on this, the most frequent causes of bacterial obstruction in patients with colinjitis is number one. Calculus. I still. I just kind of make that clear before we get to our cases. Let's go make a structure and look at different versions of cases together. So patient came with right up a cordron. I don't care what we call like yet. Anyway, I know I have a case of baleuricolic colicistitis colinjitis. I need a structure that helps me differentiate this from each other and with the anaesthetobility. I'll keep my ears open for whatever the examiner tells me on the temperature. If I find the temperature at the beginning, okay. Yeah. Our intro is the same. So we'll do it quickly. Open ended question. Patient responds. You respond to that. Address the patient's concern. Do you want to painkiller? Yes or no? Just move on. Now we get to the important secorra. You want to start assessing the pain. On the secorra, I'll just stick to my structure. Where's the site of the pain? The moment that the patient says right up a cordron, even if you didn't have an intestine, you go like, okay, rearrange my list of differentials. Give her a gold water first, painkiller, the other side, up, hard on the lungs. What is the intensity of the pain from scatle 1 to 10? It's whatever quality is it stabbing? Always it a dull ache. How when did this start? When did this start? In the right upper cordron, I definitely, I'm not a fan of this question, but anyway, at this point, it is relevant. Is it the first time that you're having such pain? It is a biliric colic like, nah, I used to get it before two every couple of weeks. I get this pain in the same side last time called better by itself. Is the pain on and off? Is the pain continuous? Is it getting worse? You asked the important radiation. We already talked about it yet. Dr. Gosw, my shoulder goes to my back, the things that you find in this case. And tell me overall, what makes it better? What makes it worse? Most of the cases are acute cases. So there is no effect or impact over here. Just do that. Good. Okay. So I am going to start with liver questions, but that doesn't mean I'm skipping my general GI questions. So just keeping that in mind, some of you at this point are a little too excited to brush. They're still there. Especially if you have any nausea and vomiting. Yeah. Any bloating, passing wind, constipation, diarrhea, fever. You do want to put a little bit of big circle around this guy in this class that you're not going to forget fever. Yeah. Now, okay. So if anyone does the red facts here, that's fine. I'll start the liver and the gallbladder. I'll start it early. I'll start red facts here. Doesn't matter if you put it outside inside the liver and gallbladder. You're doing the same thing. The first thing that can block these ducts and stuff. Anyway, you can be cancer in the gallbladder cancer in the liver is cancer. So loss of weight, loss of appetite, lumps and bumps. And looking at any tiredness, if you want to ask this in the same question. I know some of you guys are going to be a little bit upset, but we'll write it down. Any blood in your stools? Just write it down for me. Psychoistructure. Any family history of cancers, overall bowel cancers and liver cancers. I'm sure two people are going to get very angry. Why are we doing blood? You said liver. Just as a heads up in the next classes, we are going to cover our very famous liver metastasis case. M.C. kills themselves with that case that they give you a CT scan. Ask the questions. You're asking red-fired cases in acute abdomen. Yes, we're doing it more for the purpose of the liver, but still our last blood in the stools is a very important significant question over here. Now, once the red facts are done, easy. I'll call it the hepatitis group of questions. In terms of hepatitis, you know the questions already yellowish discoloration. John Dys. Dark urine. Pale stools. And we've already talked about travel. So we did the first group of questions that I want to ask hepatitis. Now, go into the second group of questions. I want to ask a question again for gallbladder because of the significance. So tell me any previous episodes, any previous episodes of pain after large fatty meals, especially, after large fatty meals. So no, looking for gallbladder stones of whatever nature. As a reminder, I will again write down colonitis in this list for you. If you have not asked for either, you are missing a critical question. This is the third time I'm saying the word. You did it at the beginning temperature. You did it in your general questions. If you've forgotten, please do it over here. Now, coming down, you asked me about any previous surgeries. That is the same regular question that you have in your GI questions, but again, surgeries for strictures. You can see the cases that we find on things over here. And again, I'll still ask about medication. You don't have ton of medication. You can create problems in your liver, pancreas, and so on. Now, I'll draw the line over here. So what did I do? I did hepatitis. I did cancer in the liver gallbladder. I did colonitis questions. I did surgeries there. I did medications there. These are the things that I do. Let's go back to our structure. I'll go to pancreotitis. Now, someone asked me in this case, I mean, should I rule out all those risk factors of pancreatitis in this case? No, a few. Look at the differences of this case compared to the previous one. Choose the best ones. Any alcohol? Do you drink alcohol? Any recent being drinking? Most important one. That alcohol is also important for your liver too. Yeah. Maybe I'll ask the trauma. To be honest, this is enough for me. Anyone wants to add any third or fourth, anyway, pancreas, we did the cancers, pancreas, we did the medications. So we've already ticked off a few things on pancreatitis. Let's go to gastrozovesial reflux and peptic also. Tell me, any beta acidic tasting your mouth or any heartburn? The fact that I'm not a fan of heartburn is my structure always already has chest pain. Heartburn is a chest pain. It's a chest discomfort. I would ask a specific question. Whichever one you like, beta acidic tasting your mouth or any sudden increase of saliva, risk factors. So there are two things that are left on your list. Any spicy food, how much coffee tea do you drink? Looking at risk factors for both of them. We get to the end of the list, ACS and pneumonia. And at this point, again, chest pain, shortness of breath and cough. Sorry, I saw someone's question in the previous case that cannot put ACS on the second of my liver. It shows you can, but again, if you ask me, I'm a gastric pain, I know it's a scamic heart disease is a red flag, but I'm still first thinking about GI, then as a differential. I'm also considering the fact that it can be a scamic heart disease, but it doesn't make much of a difference for me. So once you do this, if you have time, do a good closure. If you don't, we're good. Everyone good with this structure? Yeah, cool. Now, the important thing on the back of your mind, just write it down at the end of it. You are differentiating Bilearicolic. We'll look at the cases in a second together. Versus, call assistitis. Versus, call on gyros. So to be honest, the person who doesn't ask the fever question and doesn't ask the vital signs of temperature and physical examination, that patient, that candidate is gonna have difficulty recalling this case for you. That candidate cannot comment, tell me why did they fail me, because I don't know what case was. Yeah. Let's go to a physical examination from an examiner quickly. Sequence wise, we are the same. General appearance on vital signs. You guys tell me, general appearance, one thing, what is that one thing you check for in this case? Only will tell me one thing. If it's one thing is John Dis. I don't wanna hear pain, pallor, dehydration, anything before I hear John Dis. If you don't ask me John Dis, don't ask me anything. Once you've asked me that, yeah, dehydration, yeah, pallor, anything else you wanna ask, I don't care. That will consciousness. In the vital signs, I get candidates, they ask me everything except for the one thing that they have to ask, what is that one thing for the fourth time? Temperature. For the fourth time. If you've done it at the beginning, you've done it. If you haven't, you do it over here. Now let's come down to the abdomen. On the abdomen, I stick to my structure. This is still an abdominal pain case before it is a liver case. So just keep that in mind. Because some of you think, okay, liver only. No. I wanna inspect the same structure. Tell me if the abdomen is moving symmetric with respiration, cool and sign, great, and so on. Maybe if you wanna ask this question, in this case, I might not mind. Examiner, I wanna see if it's official and deep pole patient question. Do I have 10, then I see as you do, on the right upper quadrant. So my key points that I wanna ask you is do I have rigidity, guarding and rebound? Yes or no? That doesn't make much of a difference if I do adult, yeah? Do I have 10, then I'll have some percussion? I'll ask you the fun question. Do you wanna ascultate in this case? Yes, no, what do you think? Chat box, all your farms, I'll look at your farms. Yes, no. Someone says, what do I wanna ascultate the bows in the liver case? Your case is an abdominal pain case before it was a liver case. And you have a large bowel crossing there. Yes, you do. I do a structure. The purpose of structure for me is, I stick to a structure even when I'm not thinking, I'll do things. So someone might argue, I don't wanna do an inguinal in this case, I might agree, but I'll still do it as my structure of a full abdominal exam. We get to the argument of a DR. Do you wanna do a DR? Yes, I just wanna make it fun. Talio, can I tell you there's not two indications, not two. Yeah, the two indications that you don't do a DR in a acute abdominal pain is number one. You don't have fingers. Number two, the patient doesn't have anus. Hopefully that answers the question. Amir, my finger doesn't go in the gallbladder. It's a case of quality. You start it, should I do it? Your case is acute abdominal pain. Yeah, unless you don't have fingers or the patient doesn't have anus. Once this is done, exam, I wanna do a serious exam of it from candidate exam, it says normal, don't even start. But even if he lets me start, I'm gonna not waste time. S1, S2, any murmurs, that's all, quickly. I wanna do a respiratory exam, if they give me normal thank you, if they don't, is there any trickle? Do I have any added sounds? That's all I wanna ask you. Now, at this point, you wanna add a very important special test that you wanna ask in this case. And that is, Maryfee's sign. I'm gonna talk about it in a second, so I'm gonna explain how to do it if you're seeing the recording, see the next video. You do a Maryfee sign for Coliseum Studies and you get to the very important office test. Now, what office test is critical for you? By calling it an office test, it means that I as a GP have it in my office and I can do it and get a result there, so ERC is not in office. You're in lipstick. What for? We'll do the cases, hopefully in our next classes, once we hit the liver cases. If you find beehl grouping in this case, you go like oops, that is bad. You don't expect to find beehl grouping on your urine lipstick. But again, we'll talk about it once we get to our John this cases in this GI class together. Okay, good. I have a lovely structure. I know my key points. No matter what I forget is, hopefully I won't forget John this temperature and Maryfee's sign. I'll do a good, complete abdominal examination. It's all skew exam you have to, but don't make any assumptions. Yeah? Now, we wanna go back over here, and start looking at our exam cases. Let's talk case number one together. I'll tell you case number one, we'll go step by step, you guys make a diagnosis for me. Now, case number one, so let's start. How can I help you today? You had worked out, I've been having this pain in my right-up recording, and you know, it's just not getting better, it's a little worried about it. Yeah, I do understand that can be concerning, James. Let's get a bit of understanding about it. I'll try to make the best management plan for you. How does that sound? Are you not in pain now? No. Are you in any pain now? No. Okay, good, so no active acute pain now. That makes a big difference for me. Where's the pain? Sight is right up a quadrant. Tell me the intensity of 1 to 10. Five out of 10. So how long have you been having this pain? It's been a few months. When he says it's a few months, and it's not acute, obviously that means it's happened before. I don't need to ask, is it the first time? Well, it's happened before. Is it on or off a constant? It's on or off. Okay, there's a pain radiate anyway, yet to the tip of my shoulder. Okay, so we're looking into the call ladder together. Now, you start going into your questions. There is no nausea vomiting, the ones that you need. There is no red flags in this case. I don't know, loss of weight, loss of appetite, lumps and bombs, blood in the stool is good. There is no hepatitis features. No yellowish discoloration, no dark urine, no pale stool. You get to the call ladder question. So have you ever had episodes of pain after eating large fatty meals? Yeah, so doc, I remember the first time this happened. I ate a curry out. Yeah, the first time I got this, it was after a curry. And yes, I've noticed it is related to big meals, fatty meals. Whenever I take a big meal, I could do get a pain. Now, just to think about the person designing this case, why didn't this guy tell you I got it the first time after pizza? Yeah, why didn't he tell you I got it after pasta? Yeah, because Parmesan cheese doesn't cause reflux of peptic ulcer. Yes, so just what people say, should I still be a little apeptic ulcer disease? Look at how the case is going. I still want the entire pack. You take the rest of your history, rest of the history is okay. Now, let's proceed with these fine things. So far, guys, what is your diagnosis? Before we go into physical examination? Typical, bibliorecolic, typical. I'm still surprised people make the diagnosis of colicistitis in this case. When they tell me I made colicistitis, I go like, that's bad. Let's go to physical examination. Examiner, John, this, no. Temperature, good. Any tenderness on after the exam, no. If there's no tenderness, may I see? No. You're in dipstick, normal. What is your diagnosis? Biorecolic. Again, you will break my heart if you make a diagnosis of colicistitis in this case. I'll be very upset. Let's go ahead and explain it to a patient. Now, quickly. So look, James, the condition that you have, you are having, is called bibliorecolic. Now, someone comes and tells me, multi-calcid, billiard pain, same thing. Yeah, what have you? I wouldn't call it gallstone. Biliorecolic, the condition will be billiardcolic. Now, this happens. This happens when you have, when you have stones in the gallbladder, when you have a stone or a number of stones in your gallbladder, if you really want to attempt to explain gallbladder quickly, gallbladder is a sac behind your liver, behind your liver, that helps that digest food, that helps digest food. That's all. Quickly. You have a condition called bibliorecolic. Whenever you have stones in your gallbladder, that is a sac behind your liver, that helps digest food, you get this pain, reasons. Now, you guys tell me the reasons you're making this diagnosis. So, first of all, the side of your pain, characteristics of your pain. What characteristics when you told me, kind of, radiate to the tip of your shoulder, I started thinking about your gallbladder. Your pain is very linked to fatty meals. Yeah, the fact that you have an aggravating factor after eating large meals, fatty meals, you get it. Yeah. And the fact that today, you have a normal examination. Yeah. And you can also link the previous episodes. And you're also told me that you've got it so few times before. So, obviously, there is a stone there. Everyone happy with case one? Easy. Now, let's go case two. Now, version number two. You jump into the case. I'll make a list of the differentials at the end for all of them. You go into case number two. Same structure. Same case. Okay. Now the stem doesn't tell me it's the right upper. But that's okay. History, physical examination from an examiner, diagnosed and differentials. You jump into the case. You start taking a history. This is what you find. Okay. I have right upper quadrant pain. I have right upper quadrant pain. Now, the important question that you want to ask over here is, are you in any pain now? Yes. Yes, I am. Okay. So, this one is acute. What if it's going on an acute process? Right upper quadrant pain. Okay. You go for a C-corro radiation. Everything you ask is what if you find? You go into general GI questions. You start asking questions. What if you find? You get to your liver questions. Okay. Let's go liver questions. Any other discoloration? Yes. Okay. So, do you have any dark urine and pale cells? Yes. So, I'm thinking about maybe hepatitis. But let's wait. You have asked fever once, twice, three times. Yes. I have fever. So, have you checked it? No. Do you have chills? Yes. Okay. So, there is a few inches on it. I do have a p-fusal to keep that in mind. You go into risk factors. When you go into risk factors, you drink alcohol and stuff. Last time I drank was three months ago, doctor. I don't even start thinking about it. So, I'm not going to panic or tie this way. So, you have a pain. You have John Dees. You have dark urine pale cells. You have fever. Okay. The important question over here for me is there is no red fags at this point. So, no loss of weight, no loss of appetite, of vast medications. I do the rest of my structure, same structure. Good. I think the importance is, let's go into our p-fee and make a decision. Examiner, John Dees, yes. Temperature, 39. Okay. So, proficient, deep, pollucational, the abdomen. You have tenderness on the right-up of a quadrant. Key point. Tell me, rigidity, guarding, and rebound. I don't care what you tell me, B.S. or no. As a structure, examiner is made for sign positive, yes. What does it diagnose this guys? Good job, all of you. But in the exam, you start thinking that, can this be called a cystitis? Amir showed me a side-tech called a cystitis. Can also have John Dees plus minus fever. So, morphicitis positive. What do you think? Top differential is colonitis. Because you do have the specific trid of symptoms. That is most likely caused by a colston in the ducts. Does everyone agree? So, please write down a note for yourself. At this point in the exam, don't start thinking that, is this called a cystitis? No. You might think to yourself, why did they give us positive? Why couldn't they give us negative here? That's a good point for me checking. Do you guys know the importance of colonitis? Or you see the morph, you can go over the call of morph, it is a colosistitis. I'm an examiner who might consider doing that. This is one of the feedback of people who did the exam recently. Amir, I got the fever John, this is the right type of quadruon. Initially I mentioned colosistitis. Oh, then I changed it to colonitis. Then the patient at the examiner started smiling. So, please call on the disease. You have the trid of symptoms. It is colonitis. So, let's do the diagnosis of version number two together. Quickly, you have a condition called acute or just colongeitis. Colongeitis. Okay, so now that we have colongeitis, let's go explain it together. Maybe I'll lay out the understanding that I need for this. You have a gallbladder, it's a sac behind your liver. Just a keyword, it's a sac behind your liver. Helps digest food. Now, in this condition, in this condition, there is an infection, there is an infection in the tubes or in the ducts of the gallbladder, which is most likely, which is most likely caused by a stone in the duct. So, yes, you do have a stone there. But that stone might most likely be the cause, not sure yet. And then you tell me reasons for this. The reasons that I've made this diagnosis is very clear. You fulfill the trid of symptoms of colongeitis. You're yellow. You have fever. You have pain. That's all you tell me. I don't want to hear anything else. You have this package. I'm not going to think about anything else. Everyone happy with this one? Yeah. So, this is not called a cystitis. Let's wrap up a version number three. Same structure, same sequence. Guys, you do the history. We'll just quickly write it down together on history taking you find that this patient tells you, like, yes, I am in pain now. Again. Now, describe the pain. When did it start? It started suddenly, doctor. Right, upper quadrant. It does radiate to my back. What makes it better? What makes it worse? Nothing makes it better or worse. It's just staying there. Do you have nausea? Yes, I have nausea. Have you vomited? No, not yet. So, I want to recall this constipation. I want to care about it. Okay, constipation. What are the key things you need? Do you have fever? No. Okay. Red flags negative. We'll talk about a case next class of what wise the red flags also significant. Then, do you have any jaundice yellowish discoloration, dark urine, pale cells? No. No yellowish discoloration, no nothing. Now, the question of, have you had previous episodes to be honest, might not really matter at this point. Do you have any previous episodes of getting pain after large fatty meals? Yes or no? Okay. So, I rule out, castors of fascia, reflux, peptic ulcer, ACS, pneumonia, go to the physical examination. There's no jaundice. This is where the problem starts. Exam in a temperature of 38.5. Okay. Tenderness on the right upper quadrant. There is rebound, regidity, or whatever. MF sign is positive. Diagnosis, guys. Diagnosis of this one. For me, it's always interesting in the previous case, you make the diagnosis of colitis studies. You come to this case, you make the diagnosis of colitis. Can you label this as colitis? No. You have feature one. You have feature two. You don't have feature three. Exactly. What is your diagnosis in this one? You didn't fulfill the criteria of colitis. So, you have colitis studies. Colitis studies. Let's do version number three together. Quickly, you have a condition called colitis studies. Colitis studies. Now, you explain the gallbladder and simple stupid short words. So, you have to sack behind your liver, helps digest food. Now, in your condition, a stone is blocking the tubes of your gallbladder. And this has caused inflammation. Caused inflammation in your colabular. Colitis studies. Simple. What are your reasons? The reasons that I'm making this diagnosis, again, looking at the pain and its characteristics, you have a pain in your right-up quadrant. There was a radiation of the pain that matches gallbladder problems to the back or to the shoulder, whichever one you had. You have nausea that happens in colitis studies. If you have previous episodes, you have previous episodes. But the important thing is, I did a special test on your examination called MFESIN. And that was positive. That is a special test for this condition. And when we get a positive MFESIN on our examination, it does indicate that you're having colitis studies. Now, let's do the differentials together for all three cases. The way that it works is, tell me right-upper, tell me epicastric, tell me left-upper, tell me whatever you have above it. So other things that I was thinking about hepatitis, no matter what case you had colitis studies, colonigitis, cancers. That's enough. Let's go epicastric pancreatitis, pancreatic cancer. Let's go to the other side, especially that curry guy, peptic ulcer disease, gastroesophageal reflux. Let's look up. I get corners in Dromolus Schemek heart disease, whatever you like to call it, low lumbinomonius. That will be my list of differentials. Before I wrap up this case, and we do the other version of 2025, I'll just call it myself again, guys. You see a right-upper quarter in abdominal pain case in the exam. Before you go in, you tell yourself, there's the possibility of having either one. This is the worst confused cluster that I do for you guys. You get this case, you say it's colitis studies. You get the colitis studies case, you say it's colonigitis. You get the colonigitis case, you say it's colitis studies. Yeah. And I just don't know why, why that happens. Are we all good with the criteria? Bilear colic, not in pain now, has had it always linked to meals, tip of the shoulder radiation and stuff, Bilear colic. You have the pain now, maybe before you've had it, radiate, like a gall bladder. You have nausea vomiting, you don't have red flags, you don't have jaundice, you don't have arphiva. You might have a little bit of fever, colitis studies. If in any case you take off pain, fever, and jaundice, don't ask me questions. Don't even think about telling me anything else. If you take off these three, top of your list, due to whatever reason you have colonigitis. Whatever the reason is, the reason is cancer, the reason is stones, the reason is stricture, the reason you have colonigitis. Now, AMC guys got a little bit creative, brought up a new case. Apologies guys, I know you're tired, but we'll just do this case quickly together. It is an interesting case. When I saw it myself, I felt like, hmm, nice. You kind of put your hand on our area that we have problems. A new version of a case. Let's read it out together. Your next question is a 40-year-old lady who's presented the emergency department 25 hours ago, complaining of right-up recorder and abdominal pain. Okay, so, a new one. She has a previous history of similar episodes of pain in the right-up recording that resolve with no treatment. Giving me a vibe of biliricolique, and this episode has been more severe and it's not stopping. Okay, maybe not just a biliricolique this time. Your task is start, no history. Ask physical examination as your first task and investigations from your examiner. That is a little bit of strange. This is the first time that we're doing. So, no history. You are not allowed to take history. Explain your diagnosis only with possible causes to the patient. And people have recalled, explain your acute management. I'm not sure if it's acute or immediate management, but in a way it doesn't make much of a difference. Explain management. It is a case of calluses studies. Now, I've already spoiled this. You'll see this in the recalls of case of calluses studies. Has happened a few times this year. Okay, let's do key points before we go into the pft together. Tell me, what is key point number one that you want to do that all of you do? Keep on number one. Let's call it Murphy sign. So, obviously you have to do Murphy sign. Yeah, maybe if I want to say the first thing that I do not want to forget in this case, that I will not pass if I don't do it is Murphy sign. Yeah. Then, if you know Murphy sign is positive that everyone asks, what are your second and third key point? John this. Fever. Will you pass me if you ask me Murphy sign? I have to be in the little examination, but I don't do John this and Fever. Will you pass me seeing the previous cases? No. So, let's jump into this case. The environment of this case is a little bit strange. So, the examiner, I did check see where your gloves go in. This is Jenny, your patient, then examiner, start talking to me. I personally like to have a quick chat with my role player, then talk to the examiner, because it always looks a little bit awkward after four minutes going to the role player. I quickly go like hi Jenny. My name is Emir. Apologies, I'll be with you in a minute. Yeah, I'll be back to you in a minute. Go to your examiner. I find this nicer. So, I usually still remind you, still open the case. If a nice introduction makes it nicer, so sit, obviously sit down. You don't stand at the door examiner telling me findings. You go in, you sit together, okay, let's start going through things together. So, Jenny, my name is Emir. I'll come back to you in a second. Examiner, let's start. So, you put duct tape on your examiner's mouth. You tell him, just say yes, no. Yeah, I don't want anything else from you. On general appearance, you know it now, I've spoiled it. What is the key point? Ask me one thing. First, before you do anything else, John, this. Don't ask me, John, this. Big problem. Now, I want to be a little bit nicer. To have the hydration features, tell me the level of consciousness. Is he alert, drowsy, and confused? I want to do viral signs. I'll do all four viral signs as a habit that does include it, but because some of you forget the most important one temperature, definitely, no matter what happens, I want temperature. Plus, tell me blood pressure, pulse rate, resp. rate, and stuff. Now, let's start with abdominal examination together. I know this is a liver case. I know the recalls call this a statis. It is the abdominal pain. Same inspection. On inspection, again, is the abdominal moving with respiration symmetrically, as usual, as a structure, cool and sine, greater and a sine. Greater and a sine. In this case, obviously, I have a little bit of extra time to do a PFE. So I usually tell you guys that when you have an initial task of start with a PFE, in this case, it's a little bit more complete. This is not a case that I want to rush wrap up my PFE in one minute, because you have a PFE investigations. So if I want to show you the task, a acute management will take about, let's say, two minutes. How long do you want to expand a diagnosis, even if you say a few differentials, two minutes? How much time do you have over here? Four minutes, double the usual time you have. Do it a little bit more complete. Now tell me, what are the inspection findings you look for? Relevant. For all liver problems, the extension of a sinus. I'm thinking about liver problems. Liver problems, chronic gives you a sinus. Do I have any scars? Yeah, do I see any scars? That's all. If you want to do anything else, do it. Let's get to superficial and deep palpation. Examiner, superficial deep palpation. Do I have tenderness? Yes, you have tenderness on the right-hand corner. Now you tell me key points. Do I have rigidity, guarding, and rebound? Yes or no? What are the answers? I would like to do the second key point of this case. What do you think the second key point is? No, palpation. Palpation. Now, I'll leave it as a special. So I can share a kind of experience of myself back in 2018. In my reticelias, the examiner on abdominal examination. Do I have any masses? The examiner said, what masses are you looking for? In a second, in my mind, I started thinking, I'm not going to ask you about bowel omigally. There's just hepatosplenomigally. So maybe being a little bit more specific both hepatomigally and splinomigally. Again, the links that you all know. Do I have masses? By masses, I mean, most specifically. Hepatomegally and splinomigally. Obviously, feeling delivered will feel delivered edge if you have a palpable gall data and so on. Now, let's go forward. I'll do a periculsion quickly. It's under some periculsion. I'll do a scultation. Nothing weird. My structure still does an inguinal examination over the DRE. I'll definitely do a DRE, even if you don't want to do an inguinal area examination. At this point, I'll get to my special test. So it is a right upper quarter in abdominal pain exam. I want to do a merifixion. It's interesting. In this case, the examiner asks you, how do you do a merifixion? Now, this is the point that again, you should have studied this in performing your physical examination because the same case comes as a physical examination station. Okay, step by step of a merifixion is, I'll ask the patient to breathe out. When you breathe out, the diaphragm goes up. Your liver moves up. Now, step number two. I'll press deep on the right upper quadrant. Step number three, I'll ask the patient to breathe in. Now, my positive finding is, if the patient gasps and stops breathing because of pain. So when that liver starts moving, that diaphragm goes about it hits your hand. The moment he hits, he goes like, and stops breathing. That is a positive merifixion. Don't tell the examiner, press on the right upper quadrant. That is tender. That is a merifixion. That's not a merifixion. The examiner tells you, good. The merifixion is positive. Okay, so I'll still wrap up with a respiratory. Normal, skip. Although CVS apparently normal. Good. The last thing that I'll do is an office test. Definitely an office test. I want to give you a deep seek. Usually, at these points of time, that office test becomes so critical that the examiner has a habit, what are you looking for on that deep seek? I'm looking for beloved Rubin, as the most important thing before I worry about anything else. Someone says, I want to do a ECG. Yeah, yes, no, yeah. A little bit. Thank you. Good. And that will wrap up your physical examination and you get to the investigations. Now guys, in investigations, to choose only two investigations for me. I'll just let you say two things and move on. Before you go into the full black county SRCRP, number one. I'll do Blatz. I agree. LFD. Always. Yeah. Number two, imaging. I'll do an ultrasound. Again, don't stop telling me, I don't know, weird versions of MRI, CT scans or whatever else. Where in a callousy status case is an ultrasound. Don't tell me in my ED, we don't do ultrasound because you don't have ultrasound in your ED in Australia. You have a CT scan, the ultrasound guy comes tomorrow. That's why you do a CT scan if you need to. Do these two first for me at this point. List whatever other relevant thing you want to do. Yeah, life is still important. Yeah, full black count. Still CRP, SR, yeah, UEC. Yeah. Whatever else you want to tell me, don't tell me, just add it to your list. AMC in their handbook, they have a statement that if you have a candidate that just lists a long list of investigation, doesn't understand the significance of which investigation has been important. Don't pass them. Even in that, even if they cover the investigation in that long list, they don't understand the significance. You tell them first for almost two things, tell me, I left you, tell me, ultrasound. That's all. Now, apparently the examiner does not answer findings, tells you like, okay, proceed to your next ask. So they don't give you findings if you just want to. So this is the way they designed it. Don't give findings. And they just ask you to proceed to your next ask. You already have your diagnosis. Proceed to the next ask. You make a diagnosis of Colosseus Titus. We've already written down our explanation for this, a very quick explanation. So Jenny, thank you for letting me examine you. You have a condition called Colosseus Titus. I'll quickly tell you about the gold letter. It's a sack behind your liver, helps digest food. In your case, there is a stone blocking ducts. And this has created inflammation in your gold letter. The reasons. The reasons are when I examined you, you have a positive test called Murphy sign. I found pain and tenderness when I pressed on that area on your gold letter. And more importantly, you don't have any fever. You don't have any yellowish discoloration of your skin. That rules out other conditions that are important for me. Now guys, look at these kind of tasks. I just pulled this out from all the recalls of this case. Everyone recalls it like this that the task is explain diagnosis with possible causes to the patient. Yeah, so what does that mean? Is it differentials, causes of. Causes of, for example, Colosseus Titus because Colosseus Titus. Yeah, we do have maybe about an autoimmune version, stone versions. But this is when I tell you that even if your task is diagnosed, I will still speed out a few differentials if I have time. But the thing that I keep in my mind, I'll give myself 10 seconds to do that. No explanation, no nothing. Just as a desperate attempt, because I've had this a lot that people tell me that I thought it's just a diagnosis. Maybe it was my problem because it was written as diagnosis. plural. Sometimes we've got a feedback that they ask me, diagnosis, they scold me for differentials. Yeah, so there were other things that I was thinking about, like for example, hepatitis, colonigitis, Biliere colleague, for example, I cancels in your liver, more importantly, pancreatitis. Pancreatic cancer can give you the entipage. These are the things that I had in mind. That quickly takes me to my management. Your management in this case is more of a bullet point. So tell me, what management do you want to tell me? What are the things you want to tell me? Considering the fact that you do have around a few minutes or even more than two minutes. What is your management? You've already investigated it. So let's go step by step. We will need to admit you for now. You are having an acute episode of Colossus Studies, so not going home. We are going to give you pain relief. You are in pain. What of a type? I get what have you like to mention? Panadolos stronger versions. We are going to start IV fluids for you. We are going to give you IV antibiotics. You have Colossus studies. And the key part of our management is, I'll ask the surgical team to review you. A surgical team to review you. But this wouldn't pass you because we need to plan to remove the gold data. Remove the gold data with a surgery. When you have stones in the gold data, usually we proceed to remove the gold data with surgery. I have extra time. The surgery that we do nowadays, most of the time we do laparoscopy. In simple words, it's just a keyhole surgery. That for a patient is important. We are going to make two or three small holes on your stomach. Remove the gold data. It's not going to be a big cut throughout your stomach like the old days. This is the safest, most acceptable way of doing it. I know you want to ask me when. That is the argument of guidelines. Guidelines tell you that if you have a mild version, you can send them home with antibiotics and then plan to do the Colossus sector whenever your surgeon can. Studies show that it's nice to do it in the first 72 hours. We don't want to argue on the win. We need to plan to remove it. It depends on the surgeon. Whenever they have time, it depends on the severity. They will make a decision now. The question that will last me is, should I talk about a Colossus? Does it stop me in this one? The percutaneous like drainage that we do? I will talk about my main treatment. That we are talking about a young patient. The stem does not signify any core morbidities. The stem doesn't signify anything that I cannot go for surgery. I don't think we want to go there together. I will stick to this. I will need to admit you for now. We will not give you pain, really. We are also going to start giving you fluids and antibiotics that will control the inflammation. The final treatment that we need to do, I will ask the surgical team to come and see you. They will have to make a decision to remove the gallbladder. That is the best safest option of treating this condition. They will remove the gallbladder with their stones. Usually we do it as a laparoscopy. Small keyhole surgery. Small holes on your stomach will go in and remove it. It's usually a very easy surgery. I need to stay in the hospital very long afterwards. Again, I think this is enough. If anyone wants to bring anything extra, I think this will work for me. The question that I might ask you before I let you guys go. What do you think the pre-dominant and the cis-menerial of this one is? We are the structure of a case. Although I am just guessing, if I put it this way, I have this case. The question I have is, do you think PE investigation, diagnosis or acute management is important? I agree. I think all of us agree that the pre-dominant assessment area is not the management. We all are saying the same thing. That kind of gets me back to the point of do I need to sit down, canceling this patient or call us to start it now? I will say it's either a diagnostic formulation that means all components together. But to be honest for me, I feel this is the main thing. Usually cases that start with a PE fee, there's a big emphasis on the PE fee. How you do that to decide to pass it. Because that's the only thing that I ask you to do on make a diagnosis. If the PE fee doesn't happen properly, obviously we'll have a big problem together.