Now, this one we just want to talk about the findings we've already done. This is a rare case. I think it happened only once in the online exams or face-to-face exams. Anyway, I've kind of changed it to a P fee, but I think it was a physical examination on a court the first time that it comes out. It can't recall if it happened in the face-to-face or not. These are your features. So another bright-topic quadrant abdominal pain with red flags, with travel, a family history of saying, wording, or bar cancer in a patient or drinks a lot of alcohol. So we have a few things over here. Bright-topic quadrant. So I started rolling out red flags. I have red flags of cancer, travel for hepatitis. I have travel for Tukin-Sam, but nothing weird happens there. There's a family history of cancer and there's a history of alcohol that kind of can give you a range of liver problems. Anyway, the reason we're talking about it is not the history findings. It's the physical examination findings. Now when it came out in the online exam, you got this on the court. So on the court, you didn't have the opportunity to ask more. There is a non-tender enlargement of the liver. And when you feel the liver edge, you have hepatic nodularity. You have a nodular liver edge. nodular liver edge. I think the only thing we need to talk about is, okay, what is my diagnosis? What is your top diagnosis? Yeah, exactly. All of you are right. Look guys, this nodularity, if you just tell me that a mirror I'm examining a liver and I feel the edge is nodular, I'll tell you this is I'm thinking about cirrhosis. Yeah, that's not thinking about cirrhosis. But you have to put that finding into the context of the case. You have a 50-year-old guy, three months of pain with red flags of loss of appetite in a patient who has a family history of cancers in that region. You are finding nodularity there. I would agree with all of you guys that my top differential for this case will be a cancer. Now in terms of a cancer, what type of cancers do you think it can be? So will you just tell me how about the cellular carcinoma? I'll say most likely a cancer in the liver or also the gallbladder. That is still a good differential over here. I cannot confirm which one, but I maybe don't need to because these two are sticking together. So with the same structure that we've done, like look, in your case, I am quite concerned about the possibility of a cancer. In your liver or possibly your gallbladder, these are the two things that I'm thinking about. Yeah, pushing it forward, you just give a reasons. Now the reasons is you have had pain for a number of months that we talked about, but you have red flags. So you told me you're losing weight, you're losing appetite, pushing it forward. You do have a family, sure, of cancer in the bowel ducts in your bowel cancers. So that means a gallbladder cancer. And further to that, you do have a risk factor of cancer in that area that is during alcohol. Having said all of this, my top differential is cancers. At this point, you start giving me the rest of your right upper quadrant abdominal pain differentials that we've done multiple cases together. Colorsis, stardis, colongeitis, hepatitis, different versions of hepatitis viral, autoimmune, this, that pancreatitis, pancreatic cancer, it's still upper abdominal pain. So looking on the other side, ACS, lower lung pneumonia, and so on. These were just a few cases that are left towards the end just to have a chat about the findings. But again, you can't see nothing different on your structure. Structure is the same, maybe just a diagnostic decision making that you have to do. That occasionally in the stress of the exam, it becomes a little bit challenging.