Now let's get to the second component of a PC. Now for those of you who are hearing this word for the first time, from now on this will stand for Ask, Ask Physical Examination from your examiner. Now this is the famous task. I will say the most problematic task of the face-to-face example. If you ask me is the online exam easier or face-to-face, I'll say online was easier because you didn't have a PC desk. Now when you want to start asking physical examination from examiner, there's a lot of things that go wrong. There's a lot of points that kind of come in the way no one really knows what they want. There's a lot of versions of what to do at this point, and we have a lot of problems over here. But we want to talk about the concept together, just to kind of make a good understanding together. Let's go slow guys. So we want to kind of make a logical understanding rather than just listening to what I tell you. AMC usually in the history taking labels and scores you with this task. That they labeled this part as a Peefias. We want to look at their choice technique, organization and sequence. It is a long statement, but there is a few clear things over here. Organization and sequence. And the second thing is choice. If you look at it into the description of this task, they tell you that we want to see a relevant physical examination. That is relevant to the patient complaint. We want to see logical and efficient sequencing of actions. So sequence and organization is important for us. And it needs to include all the required elements. What does it mean elements like physical examination elements? If you're doing an abdominal examination, I will not pass you if you just asked me, Paul, patient for the end of this. Because it is abdominal examination. I want to hear all the elements of your abdominal examination. So you have to kind of be a little bit clever on how you do this. I'll use this. This is the only mark sheet that AMC has formally provided you. Also in the Peef, if nothing weird, is on the website later on in the specification handbook. At the end, they have appendix that they kind of at this only mark sheet of a shortness of breath. I just want you to read these two sentences with me. In terms of the examination finding, this is what they instruct the examinate. That the candidate must ask for each specific component of the examination. And findings should not be given to them where they do not specifically ask for it. What does it mean? Examiner, I want to do an abdominal examination. The examiner tells you what are you looking for. What does the examiner tell you that? Because they told me not to provide findings if they do not specifically ask for it. No examiner in the exam is going to go like, examiner, I want an abdominal examination. Okay, good. You have a tenderness on the right lower quadrant with rebound tenderness. We present bowel sounds with a normal DR. You have to ask it one by one from your examiner. And if you just look at this example, this is an example of shortness of breath. Just look at the level of detail that they've written down for the examiner. In a shortness of breath, if you want to do a respiratory exam, they have to ask us the track here. They have to ask about inspection, poll patient, percussion, or scultation. They have to ask about pericardial effusion ropes. They have to ask about the apex speed of the heart. They have to ask about the two normal heartbeat, the pulmonary sound being increasing the pulmonary embolism. Look at how specific that they have gone into physical examination. So the first thing that you need to understand, in a p-fit test, you need to be super specific. Any general question will lead to this point. What are you looking for? And this is a problem, guys. The reason that this is a problem, each time your examiner tells you what are you looking for, you're wasting a few seconds. Now, imagine that you get, I don't know, five, six of these. You wasted 30 seconds just back and forth with your examiner. Your line of questioning needs to be super specific. Now, let's come to the very logical practical application of this, because most of your cases that come in the diagnostic formulation predominant assessment area, so for those who have not seen the videos, later on you'll see that predominant assessment area and the way that I'll design a case. This is the structure of a diagnostic formulation. I want you to take four minute history taking. First problem is a little bit shorter than usual. You need to ask physical examination. You need to expand your diagnosis and differential. The problem with this one is, I'll just give you a prompt time at four minutes. So the moment that you have the bell inside the station, you know that you've exhausted four minutes, you have four minutes left. Now, if you all want to do a practical, logical allocation of time, I'll say two and two. Does everyone agree? So two minutes for Peefee, we'll do half enough, both components are important. And if I give any less time to differentials and diagnosis, I'm not going to get time to wrap it up. So this needs to happen in two minutes, second problem. Okay, so you're telling me I need to be specific, I need to be organized, I need to ask everything and I need to finish that in two minutes time. So it's getting a little bit hard. Yeah. Now, you need to have a clever structure. Your clever structure needs to be a framework again. Why do I always emphasize on structure guys? Because ask your friends who've done the exam, they tell you that it's always easy to think outside of the exam. When you go into the exam, under that significant amount of stress, it's very similar to when you're on that date, and you do those funny stupid stuff. That even when you think about it yourself, you go like, ooh, what a stupid thing that I do, because I was very stressed at that moment. I couldn't make proper decisions. Same thing in the exam, the only thing that will help you in that significant amount of stress is having a framework, having a structure, I know what I'm going to do. Even if you give me five dyes of pound tablets and I'm sleepy, I'm feverish, I still have a framework that I want to deliver. Now, if we want to make our rules before we make our first physical examination from examiner, this is the only way, best way, all the way that will get you scores over here. You have to plan on being super specific, super specific. Don't tell me I want to do palpation, palpation for what, what are you looking for? Don't tell me I want to do oscultation, what for? You need to have a clever structure, it needs to be time efficient. So let's start doing it together. The first thing that I want to talk about is stupid words. We can start playing with words that you have to do focus, you have to do relevant, you have to do complete. I'll just tell you like this is stupid BS of whatever other course I want to play with words, you have a structure, you have to do it specific, you have to do clever, you have to think about your time management. I want to kind of build the basic structure. When I say basic structure, guys, I'm going to apply this basic structure to all of my abdominal pain cases. In each case, we're going to define key points together. You're going to find this interesting that if your question is relevant, I'm going to give you the final link. There are moments that people come out of the exam and tell me, I'm your ass, the examiner, this question in this case, and the examiner went like, what did you ask? It's unavailable. That level of irrelevant that I don't want to even say normal, I want to say unavailable. So, preferably keep things relevant for me. Okay, any p-feet that we want to do together, you want to do by yourself, first question. What is the key system? Because you have a case of acute abdominal pain, acute or chronic abdominal pain, I'll ask you a question. What is the key system that you have to ask me examination pool? I'll keep it interactive, I'll look at the chat box. It's very obvious. It is a abdominal examination. So, if your key system in this p-feet is abdominal examination, you have to ask me each and every specific element of a abdominal examination. That means inspection, superficial and depolation, perikotian, oscultation, inguinal area examination and erectile examination. If it is your key system and all of you agree, don't tell me can I skip oscultation and DRE? You ask me, can I skip steps of the most important system that I'm examining? That's your choice that you want to make. The second question that you want to ask yourself is, okay, do I have any other relevant systems that are important for me? And your answer is yes. So, what are your other relevant systems guys? What are abdominal pain? What are the relevant systems that I want to think about? Now, this is the moment that I stop thinking that, okay, if I'm having an upper abdominal play, I definitely want to ask you this on respiratory exam. That's why we roll it out in history taking. And if I have a lower abdominal pain, I definitely want to ask a pelvic examination and an inguinal area examination. If I haven't done it, I might have no examination. It's part of the key examination I have to do. If I have the case of ectopic pregnancy, obviously everything comes out in your pelvic exam. And you have to ask it. Now that we have a key understanding about what is our key system, what is our relevant system, let's make a structure together. But in terms of your structure guys, we need a sequence. As I have it, please start all of your cases with general appearance and vital signs. Now, I know you want to tell me about that angry examiner who tells you as you can see. So, there are a lot of examiners that when you ask them general appearance at this point, they get angry as you can see in the patient sitting in front of you. So, thank you so much. Let's shut up, let's go to the next step. But that is the point that in other cases, they examine it does not do that and you misfinally. So, again, I know that some of you will tell me in one case they examine it, but in the five, six other cases that you did it, they answered your question. And there are cases that you have key points over here that you have to tick off. The second thing that you want to do is vital signs. So, if you want to go step by step, in terms of general appearance, look guys, choose relevant ones, significant ones. When I say significant ones, significant, very important ones, don't make stories for me. If you want to make stories, yeah, maybe the guy has a, I don't know, infection in his toe that is causing abdominal pain because of this reason. I know, don't make stories, just choose a relevant ones. Please don't worry and don't stay on general appearance for 10 minutes, the least important part is your general appearance. We have a famous nomonic that, again, some people thought it's cool to expand it. I don't find it nice to expand it. Anyway, precoz stands for paler, rash, ecter, c4cynosis, c4cloping, l4linphthenopathy, e4 edema, d4 dehydration. It is just a stupid nomonic to help you sometimes remember about a few things. If you think you're cool going in the exam, examin' to tell me, any paler, rash, ecter, sinus, clubbing, I'll smelt to you and think that you don't know what you're doing. So, it's nice to know this. I wouldn't make this worse. I wouldn't, again, make a nomonic about precoz you can carry. Sounds a lot and sounds cool. Tell me, guys, we are in an abdominal pain. What are your relevant general appearance findings, the most significant things you wanna ask me? Let's do it together. Choose a few very relevant components that in any case, it'll be important for you. Number one, level of consciousness is in my patient a little drowsy. Number two, dehydration. All of you understand the significance of dehydration is my patients are really dehydrated, yes or no? Yeah. I'll still ask paler, significant for me because any intrapideminal bleeding is significant for me. Yeah. I know some of you like John this, guys. Just in a liver case, I will pull out John this, which means you are having a right upper quarter abdominal pain or upper abdominal pain. I wouldn't put John this in a basic structure. John this for a right lower quarter abdominal pain. I'll say like, yeah, not that good. So, I'll just ask one, two, three, we're done. I started with the first one examin' said as you can see on your patient, okay, done. Let's move on to our next step. Next step is vital. Please make it a habit. Please make it a habit of asking me vital signs in all of your PFIs, no matter what your case is. Because you will get that famous case of cellulitis plus peripheral arterial disease. That you're finding for features of peripheral arterial disease, I have pain in my leg walking up here, suddenly you go into the PFI, ask the examiner, temperature is tells you 39.5. Ooh, I have the case of cellulitis, PAD mixed. So please make it a habit to ask it in all cases. As a habit for now, I'm gonna ask for, I'm gonna ask the full vital signs of blood pressure, pulse rate, respiratory temperature in all cases. Now, someone quickly shoots a message in chat box, but we already did hemodynamic stability at the beginning. Even if you ask it again, even if you attempt to ask it again, the examiner will tell you same as before. Yeah, so even if you attempt to ask me, the examiner will tell you same as before. I still want you to do that because number one, some of you will forget to do hemodynamic stability. Number two, when I get to this point in the exam, I'll think to myself, okay, I asked those four in my hemodynamic stability, but maybe it's time to ask a better question. What is your better question? So the examiner already told me about pressure, pulse rate, respiratory temperature at the beginning, but I still want no more vital signs, and it's no saturation of oxygen. Do I have a postural drop? No one can say that is not important in abdominal pain. Yeah. And maybe your blood pressure is normal lying 120 over 80, but there is a postural drop that get an old view, not the significance of that. So we did our general appearance. We did our vital signs. Now we want to go into the rest of our seconds. If I want to be clever, the first system that comes up is the most important system of mind. That is abdominal examination. Everyone needs to agree on this. The way that I'll sequence it on abdominal examination, I will deliver a very complete physical examination. Super complete. Then depending on upper and lower, I'm going to ask a little bit of a summarized physical examination on the rest of the systems. I can really depend on what case we're dealing with. So let's go make our structure together. I've already talked about general appearance of what you ask. Level of consciousness, dehydration, and pallor. We've already talked about vital signs. If you ask that at the beginning, I'll just ask about postural drop. Now I get to the abdominal examination. I will ask specific examination for my examiner, just to know, yes, not no. I don't want him to talk. I'll tell him, shut up, just say yes and no. I don't want to hear that. What are you looking for? So examiner, I want to do inspection. What are you looking for? So instead of that, on inspection examiner, is the abdomen moving symmetrically refresh? Is the abdomen moving symmetrically refresh? That is a key area of your examination. Key findings on inspection. Do I see a coolant sign or a greater inner sign? That is nicer than calling it bruises. Yeah. And if you want to ask one extra thing, many distinctions. I'll say the least important thing for me. Now question number two examinists. On superficial and depolation, I have a few questions for you. Question number one, do I have any tendinus? We're just doing a structure for now. Do I have any tendinus? Do I have any masses? Obviously, we are talking about abdominal pain cases. So is there any tendinus? Yes, there is tendinus in the right lower quadrant. Please remember, these are key points that I apply to all of my cases. What are the key points? Three things. What are the three things that you think are key points that you need to ask me? Think about the pain. Okay, you know this pain. You already knew that there was pain on history taking. So what does your examination do further for you? Come on, guys. Make a guess for me. Is there any guarding? Is there any rigidity? Is there any rebound tendinus? In the case of appendicitis, rebound tendinus is your key point. In the case of bowel obstruction, rigidity, everyone knows rigidity and guarding and why they're important for you. Yeah, so examinist is there tendinus? Yes, there is tendinus on the right lower quadrant. Do I have guarding? No, rigidity, no rebound. Yes, you do have rebound tendinus. You have rebound tendinus key points. I'll proceed with my abdominal examination to a pericussion. Do I have any tendinus on pericussion? I'm all these steps are on talioconigus, so it's not my examination sequence. I'll do osculation, but specifically our bowel sounds present, bowel sounds present. As a structure, in all cases, similar to talioconig, I would like to examine the inguinal area. Do I have any lumsoswellings? And at the end of the day, I would like to do a rectal examination. For those of you who are later on, we'll do physical examination workshop with me. Talioconig states, any patient coming to you with a GR complaint of abdominal pain, you do a rectal examination unless two indications. Number one, you don't have fingers. The patient doesn't have an anus. That means all cases. Don't ask me, what about that colicy start? Should I still do a D-R-E? That is a right-topic quarter nap abdominal pain that you have a large bowel crossing day. Yes, you do that. All cases, rectal exam, normal. So we'll draw a line over here. This is my complete abdominal examination. Now guys, I want you guys to be my examiner. How will you feel if I come to this case and ask you an examiner? On abdominal examination, do I have tenderness on palpation? Yes, you do. On right-low quadrant. Good, good, good. I want to do a rectal exam. Rectal exam is this. That's all I want to do. Thank you so much. I move on. I already know the case is up and decided. What school will you give me for physical examination? I'll give you minus five. Yeah, because you did the most basic examination that a medical student will also do. But you need to tell me that you understand your examination a little bit of more context. Now, let's continue our examination. If you have a lower abdominal pain, this is where I'll bring up the topic of consent and chaperone. You do understand that we are going to quickly start examining a pelvic examination and a testicular examination depending on the context of our case. No one really knows, but no one can deny the importance of a chaperone and a constant obvious insensitive examination. I'll make it a habit of whenever, in whatever case, if we're doing gynecology together, we're doing obstetric, but doing abdominal pain, we're doing whatever that you get to this point that you want to do a genitalia examination. You just do it like this, examiner. I want to do a pelvic exam with a constant of my patient, with a presence of a chaper, just to take off this significant point, because it's a very good excuse for them to fail you. I am, she's don't know what a chaperone is. My pelvic examination asks for you steps. Step number one, on inspection, specifically, tell me. I usually divide it like this just to give it a little bit of structure. You want to look at squee skin, you want to look at lumps and swellings, and you want to look at bleeding in this church. So on the skin, do I have any redness or rashes? Do I have any lumps and swellings? There can be anything abortally inapsis, I don't know, prolapse, I know it's irrelevant. It's just a structure that will be building, any bleeding of this church. Number two, I would like to do a speculum examination. As a structure, I always look at two things, tell me the cervix, tell me the vagina walls. So on the cervix, do I have any bleeding discharge or vagina walls, as a structure? And at then, I wanted to go by a manual examination. On by a manual examination, tell me about cervical motion tenderness. So you move the cervix as it tends to or not specifically. So it was positive in a PI, the case where it's a plecagnancy case. Second question is, I would like to examine the uterus for the critical question, or tell me the size of it. If it's lower abdomen or pain. We've got big uterus, but something there, if it's an empty uterus, we've had the next that's ectopic pregnancy. And tell me if the uterus is tender, for the case of PID, that you have endometritis. And on the other next, I want to know masses and tenderness. So this is my structure on pelvic exam. Testicular exam, as always, is easy. On inspection, do I have any swelling and redness quickly? And for palpation, do I feel any masses or tenderness? And obviously with the concern and the shrapnel, if you get to do that, you wouldn't get to do too many testicular exams in your lower abdominal, pain cases, because most of them are females. Now, if we are doing an upper abdominal pain case together, this is how I'll do it. I want to deliver a very summarized, serious and respiratory. So please understand, you're not able to do a full respiratory that we do in a shortness or breath, because we decided we only have two minutes. And that GI, abdominal examination, 8th, 1 minute and a half of it. So quickly, just a summarized quick point. Tell me, is this one an estu normal? You don't ask me if estu is there, because if it's not there, the guy is there. And do you hear any murmurs? On respiratory exam, quick question. Question number one, is there entry equal? Meaning that you have air coming in both sides. In the pneumonia case, it'll be decreased. Do I have any added sounds? Added sounds for bronchial sounds of pneumonia, crepitation, whatever. That's all. I don't want to know anything more. I don't have time or time over here. They are relevant, not that relevant for me to waste time. So if I go back over here, now you get idea about how this sequencing works, and we get to this component, office tests. Now, office tests, our relevant guys, office tests are kind of tools that are present in my office as a GP, that I can do it in my practice, will immediately give me a result that cheap, they're accessible. So if you ask me as a GP, I have a glaucometa to check both sugar levels when I need to. Either you're in deep seeking a clinic, if I have a case of UTI, I always do it there, to get an answer for what I want to do. I have kids of your impregnancy test Medicare pays before that. ECG, all of you know, office tests, barometry. And in this cluster, in this workshop, we'll get to proctoroscopy later. If you're in a rural GP, you want to look a little bit into the anal canal, you can't send for a colonoscopy, you'll do a proctoroscopy yourself. These office tests are mostly part of your general practice cases. AMC usually doesn't do that. They specified very clearly that your cases in GP environment, and they're not going to be able to do it. In GP environment, so you can ask me office tests, even if you're a medical officer, I will still ask the office tests. It's part of your PFE. Part of your physical examination, these are not investigations, these are tools to aid your diagnosis. Aid confirming your diagnosis, quite accessible, quite cheap. In the office tests, I want you to remember, please do not pick up the stupid habit of asking all of them, or most of them, or you're in deep seeking all cases. You have to ask me relevant ones. If I ask your question of why you're asking this office test, you have to have a very good reason not a story. Now, in the cluster of abdominal pain, if you want to choose the few that are important for you, and you have a good answer to do, so which ones are important and relevant for you? Abdominal pain. Good, yeah. So, as my last step, as my basic structure, I will consider a few things. I will do your in dipstick in all my cases, because I had a big group of KUB differentials. Protein, infection findings, blood, all of them will be important for me. I will ask you in pregnancy tests in a lady, female patient, especially if she's missed her periods. Obviously, if I tell you my period is two weeks ago, I might not ask it. If it's relevant to the context of the case, I will ask it. I was the last blood sugar level. The other reason, yeah, still had something on my list of differentials. And in that rare event that you get a diabetic, it has those case occasions, the only thing that pops it out is this blood sugar level. I'll give it as a basic structure. So essentially, this is how I'm gonna do my physical examination. So if I wanna show you how this physical examination goes, the moment you hear a bell, thank you, Jill. I wanna talk to my examiner. I'll be back to you. So examiner, you tell them, shut up. Just say yes and no. On general appearance, do I have any palar? No. Dehydration? No. Is the patient no letter drowsy as you can see? Okay. On vital signs, do I have any postural drop? I've asked the rest at the beginning. Even if you ask blood pressure again, the examiner tells you the same as before. Now, under abdomen, on inspection, is the abdomen moving symmetrically on respiration? Yes. Do I have coolant signs and greater than no? Do I have distension? No. On superficial and deep pulpit, do I have any tenderness? Yes, you do. Do I have rigidity? No. Do I have guarding? No. Do I have rebound tenderness? Yes, you have rebound tenderness, right to the quadrant. Do I feel any masses? No. Do I have tenderness on percussion? No. I wanna ascertain that the bell sounds are they present? Yes, they are. Tell me the rectal examination. Normal. I wanna examine the ingrownal area, normal. Now, let's say it's a right lower quadrant abdominal pain. I'll go into the lower. So, on lower, I wanna do a pelvic examination with the constant of my patient and our presence of a chaperone. On inspection, do I have any rashes or redness? No. Do I have any lumps of swelling? No. Bleeding discharge? No. I wanna put it in a speculum. Tell me about the cervix. Any bleeding in discharge? No. I wanna do a biamanol exam. Survival motion tenderness. Positive. I wanna do the mutual size. Size is normal, empty. Is it tender? I wanna do at an exultant tenderness and mass. You have right lower quadrant tenderness. Okay, office test. Tell me. You're in pregnancy test. Positive or negative. You're in deep sleep. Normal blood sugar level. Normal. We're done. Two minutes. You can wrap it up. This does require a little bit of practice, but we'll move on. Now, I know a lot of you wanna start asking what about that in the side of the special test? What about a renal ankle tenderness? What about this and that? I'll just repeat myself. I've made a structure that I'll apply to all cases. Yeah. We'll get it up and decide this case. I'll tell you the key point to add to your structure is this. We'll get to the other case. I'll tell you the key point is that. So as a basic structure, we'll wrap this up as a puffy. You have an understanding about how you wanna do it, how you wanna deliver it. If I wanna just review the concept before we jump to our last component of our case. What I've designed for you is super specific. It is a clever structure. It gets the job done. Number two, number three, time efficient. I will not run out of time in this case. Now, to the person who wants to stay on a puffy for four minutes and ask everything, even the least relevant thing, you're gonna run out of time and fail the case. So you have to be a little bit clever. You wanna do a complete job, but at the same time a time efficient job. And decide when you have to move on because the examiner will not tell you like, you've been here for three and a half minutes move on. The examiner will just sit there and look at you. It's you that make the decision to move on.