So well and welcome to this video. So in this video, we want to talk about a new topic that I've decided to add to my strategic preparation videos. It's been something that has been around for a long time. I started getting a idea a little bit about this when I was studying for my fellowship exams for RACGP. And then when I started working as a more of a formal medical educator and started being trained for that, I realized like these are things that they train their examiners for. So all of your oscuxemps, you know, Australia, before they allow anyone to be an examiner, they usually train them for that examiner position. And it's interesting that part of this training, they always go over the cognitive biases, that cognitive biases are very important, especially in an oscuxem, because in an oscuxem, you're kind of showing off your thinking process and that kind of affects everything that you're doing and also the marking and the scoring of the stations. So let's go step by step. As I told you, these cognitive biases are part of the training of the examiner. So they kind of train the examiners that not to pass the people who clearly have cognitive biases. And today we wanna just see like what are the most famous examples of cognitive biases in an oscuxem, like AMC clinical. Again, having worked with you guys for the last few years have given me enough experience to kind of talk about this and do examples with you guys, because I'm sure many of you guys see this in your role, please, with your friends. So what is a cognitive bias? A cognitive bias is kind of a systematic thought process. So it's interesting that it's still a systematic thought process. But the main reason of it is the tendency of your brain trying to simplify things, trying to go for shortcuts. So the brain wants to simplify the information processing through a filter of either personal experience or preferences. So the way that you wanna do our oscuxem, like AMC clinical, that I wanna do it my way. And I need AMC to pass me on my way, that doesn't happen. That's when I tell you that you have to play AMC by the rules, not your rules. And by personal experience that you do know that personal experience in our storyline is recalls. So essentially a cognitive bias is that thinking process that you develop, that your brain wants to simplify is looking for shortcuts. I don't wanna know a structure. I don't wanna know differentials. I just wanna know the diagnosis and the recall and I wanna simplify it working towards a diagnosis. If I get to the diagnosis, I expect to pass. And hopefully by now, after seeing the strategic preparation videos, you do know that that doesn't happen. Well, let's look at a few famous versions of it. We have already talked about premature closing as being one of the most famous ones. I kinda got introduced to this a little bit early into my journey. I actually learned it from my Oscar exam of the fellowship exams. But what is a premature closing? It's a tendency to end the decision-making process too early. And you will accept the diagnosis before it's been fully verified. And you do know that the reason that you're accepting the diagnosis is you have a little bit of personal experience. Yeah, you know the recall. You know the recall is always migraine. So the moment that I give you a smallest vibe of migraine, oops, I know the diagnosis is migraine and without even fully verifying your diagnosis, you'll come down to the diagnosis and you end the decision-making process too early. We might have done this example a few times together that your next patient is a 35 year old lady, comes here with headaches. You need to take a history, explain your diagnosis and your differentials. Interestingly in the open and the question and in the exploring of the characteristics of that pain, she tells you I have a headache, spend there for six months, one side on my head. And the moment I sleep in a dark quiet room, the headache gets better. Many of you, this is enough for you to make the diagnosis of migraine. Because you do know that migraine also typically gets better when you sleep in a dark quiet room, but the point is like even attention, headache can't get better when you sleep in a dark quiet and when you sleep it off. Yeah. Although this characteristic is more suggestive of migraine, but it's not diagnostic, many of you take this as, okay, I have my diagnosis. I don't want to fully verify my diagnosis of migraine. So I don't want to ask the other key characteristics features that are the key points of the case. I wouldn't ask aura, I wouldn't ask nausea, I wouldn't ask photophobia, for nephobia, I wouldn't ask triggers, but I've come down to the right diagnosis of migraine. The examiner will never pass you because the examiner clearly sees that you are prematurely closing the case. You're not fully verifying migraine, and most likely your knowledge of coming down to migraine is either because of the brief information you have about it or because of the knowledge of the recall. So premature closing is something that happens very often in the exam, one of the biggest problems that we have in osc. exam, and that's where the importance of differentials, the importance of structure that I tell you no matter even if you know the diagnosis, do not show it to your examiner. What you need to do, you're still approaching a headache case. I need to see if you're able to do a good history taking, which is based on a good list of differentials, rather than you coming down to the diagnosis that I already know that you know the recall. Now, let's talk about a few new versions of cognitive biases and talk to confirmation bias. This is an interesting one that again, this is kind of linked to the knowledge of recalls too. Let's really add together, it is a tendency to only seek information to support the diagnosis and not to look for any evidence to counter the hypothesis. If I wanna make it kinda link it to osc. exams, not to rule out differentials. You just need the information to support your diagnosis that you know the diagnosis from recalls. You know, this case has always been hepatitis. You'll ask all the hepatitis questions, obviously, you get the positive answers, and that's the moment that you said, tell yourself, okay, I'm done. I wanna do sad, and I wanna do pass medical history, I'm done with my history taking. I don't wanna even think about differentials. Like, I'm gonna pass you in that scenario, no. Because you have a confirmation bias. You have already a confirmed diagnosis for that case, even before you started. And this is one of the most obvious things that I see in your role place that you come into the station, you ask me an open ended question, you ask me one or two questions to explore the complaint. The next three, four questions are all the positive answers that I have for you. Do you have any abdominal pain, yes? And nausea, yes, any dark urine, pale stools, yes. And at that point, you kinda get the feeling that I'm doing so good, I'm taking off all the positives. And when the positives are done, you go like blank. And I don't know, sad, my past medical history, and then I wanna pass, doesn't happen. Let's look at a famous case together. Your next patient is a 25-year-old man who is feeling unwell. He has recently come back from Indonesia, when he used heroin, a very famous recall of the exam. Very interesting case actually. Take a history, we're gonna give you a physical examination on the screen in an online exam on a card in a face-to-face exam, and then you'll have to take a diagnosis to us. So question, you will know that the first type of this case, the first version of this case was a hepatitis case. So this case initially started in the online exam with the version of being a hepatitis case. You'll start history with, okay James, how are you doing today? How can I help you? You tell us you're like, yeah, I've been feeling unwell because of this and that. You tell them like, how long have you been like this? It tells you like, for a week, is it getting worse? Yes, you notice anything making you better, making it worse, not really doctor. And the moment that you get to that point, you go like, okay James, have you had any abdominal pain? Yeah, doctor. Where's the abdominal pain? The right upper side. Any nausea here, talk to us, I have nausea. Any dark urine, pale, stool, any yellowish discoloration of your skin, any itchiness, any hepatitis questions, you take off all the questions. And that's the moment that things go blank. Okay, so now I want to ask other questions here. I want to ask other questions that become essentially irrelevant because you totally forget about ruling out differential. So do small drink alcohol, drugs, medications, allergies, any past medical history, family history, again, you still have extra time. So I want to ask sadmer one more time and this is how the situation goes forward. You take a history for hepatitis. The physical examination also comes on the screen. You see what you expect to see. Yeah, you do have tenderness on the liver. You do have bilirubin in the urine, dipsyc. Oops, I know the diagnosis you have hepatitis and it's most likely linked to the injection that you've done. Will you pass this case with such a scenario that simple answer is never. Because as an examiner, I can see a confirmation bias. You just came in, you just came into the station and you were just seeking information to support a already known diagnosis. Did you do anything else in this case? To counter the hepatitis, especially rural at the officials, no, I'm going to fail you because of confirmation bias. This is the point that we kind of translate this is do not take the recall insight. Do not take the recall insights that the recall will give you confirmation bias and that is your problem. That you have to start avoiding this and not doing it. But want to look at another interesting one. I want to use the same example. There's another cognitive bias that is also very interesting in the oschi exam. They call it the diagnostic momentum. What is a diagnostic momentum? If I want to translate this in this in simple words, I always call it the fraction of second decision that you need to make in the oschi exam. So you usually need to make decisions in the oschi exam in a fraction of a second, not even a second to think and make a decision because everything is happening so fast. You are stressed and obviously are limited by time. What usually happens is your decision making process comes down to the milliseconds that you suddenly make a decision. This is usually one reason that I tell people when you contact me the week before your exam, I tell you that do not make sudden decisions in the exam. Be careful not to make sudden decisions. At least train yourself to be able to make like correct decisions. But anyway, let's look at what a diagnostic momentum is. The tendency to adhere to a previous diagnostic label despite evidence to the contrary. And again, this is one of the most interesting ones that I roleplay with you guys. It's really interesting that you have a recall, for example, let's do example, you have a recall of a scaphoid fracture. I give you an X-ray of a colis fracture. You look at the radius fracture and you tell me I can see a scaphoid fracture. This is a diagnostic momentum because your brain is not even looking for other fractures. That is a very obvious colis fracture. You're just thinking about, I know the recall, you're just adhering to the previous diagnostic label. And this has happened 10 times. And interestingly, you can see it in the past feedback and the fail feedback that you have on your files on your groups. Let's do an example, same case, same interesting case. Your next question is a 25 year old man. Who is feeling unwell recently came back from Indonesia and he used heroin. So this is a few months after the first version of the case came out, the hepatitis case came out. And it take a history, explain the diagnosis and differential. So obviously, I'm a major part of the people doing this example, have memorized recall. They go in, ask open ended question, explore the presenting complaint of feeling unwell and then get to the hepatitis questions. They ask abdominal pains suddenly they get a negative. What about nausea negative? Yellowish discoloration negative, itchiness negative, dark urine pale saline. And this is where the surprise happens at Omakor. I thought this case is hepatitis, so what about masking is negative. What do I want to do next? I don't have any plan because I never really understood or never really prepared for differentials. But the funny thing is on the physical examination task. When the physical examination task comes on the screen, you have a totally different set of information. I confirmed this case with the previous case that you had right up a quarter in 10, then a sambila rupee in the urine dipstick. You have these findings. Your abel in the urine. You have a more billy form rash. You have two large cervical lymph nodes. You have red inflamed tonsils. And on your urine dipstick, you do have positive abel in the urine. Well, you do have negative billy rupee. That is a normal situation. So you know there's no problem in the liver. And abdomen examination is totally normal. It's very interesting for me that people read this, people have read this and still made the diagnostic of hepatitis. Now you have to think to yourself, how is it possible for you to make a diagnosis of hepatitis because in the previous case, yeah, you got all these positive findings. Obviously you made the hepatitis diagnosis because you know the recall. But in this case, you got no hepatitis findings. You got no hepatitis features on physical examination. You even look at this abdomen that is normal. You even look at this billy rupee that is negative. How do you still come down to a diagnosis of hepatitis because you are still adhering to your previous diagnostic label of your recall? And it kind of trapped yourself in that box in that thinking process trap that I will always think down the pathway of the recall. And I'll never be ready to change it. This is a problem. Yeah. So please guys, the confirmation bias is do not take the recall inside. The diagnostic momentum is do not expect the case to always land at your recall, at your expected recall. And I'll talk about the changes that has happened in AMC. And that is where they recently trap you. So whoever's changing AMC cases or AMC style is someone who knows these biases and is working on these biases. We're gonna look at it in a second together. So the last bias that is super interesting, I was so amazed when I was being, we were discussing about this for the first time that I was being trained was the overconfidence bias. The tendency to believe that we know more and we perform better than we actually do. And if you just think about the older stories that you hear online on the groups and everything, I think a major part of us usually do have this overconfidence bias. This overconfidence bias in AMC clinical is fueled by the recalls. If you didn't have the recalls, I'm sure you wouldn't have felt so confident. But the fact that you know recalls, I'm coming down to the right diagnosis. I did a great job. Why did they fail me? Be careful about overconfidence bias. Yeah. That's the story line that usually in my classes, I tell you that we can always be better and we aim for the best structure. We aim for the best list of differentials and there is no limit to us. We aim for the best, how many differentials, as many as you can. What is the best structure as better as it can be? The more relevant, nicer questions, better understanding, showing your thinking process, that's what is going to pass you. Unfortunately, this overconfidence bias leads to all of the stories about oschi exams. And it's very funny because there's this oschi exam book by a psychiatrist, a English psychiatrist from UK. And it's really interesting that she kind of breaks down the oschi in different areas. And one of the areas that she breaks it down is the emotions that the candidates have. She usually brings up the tendency that many of us have the tendency of doing oschi exams as AMC is for the first time in our lives. And when we fail it, usually we do have emotional trauma. And that's when we start developing some feelings that the organization, the college is unfair, the exams are hard, the examiners are racist, this is happening, that is happening. We never say that we are not good. I wasn't good in that case. I didn't do a good job. Or maybe I haven't done a good job. Maybe there's a small chance that there is a key point that I don't know about. Yeah. Again, all of that comes from the overconfidence bias that we think we know more. And we think we perform better that we do. We actually don't know the key points. We actually don't know the differentials. We just know that the recall and the diagnosis and because of that, we have that fake pseudo overconfidence. That is not appropriate. But discussing all of these biases goes back to one point in AMC's annual report and the thing that has been happening significantly this year. It was happening last year too, but this year, it has been super significant. So with all the people that I work with and a high number of them who have passed this year, it's been higher than usual. But all of them have been giving me one feedback that I'm here. The stems are the same. The stems were the same that we did together. The findings inside the case were different. And obviously because the findings were different, we made different diagnosis and pastization. And the other thing is you are, we are getting a lot of cases with multiple findings now. It's never not like before that you had one finding to just tick off the boxes of one diagnosis now. They're giving you multiple findings for multiple diagnosis in a case. And this is one feedback that is happening. But I'll take you to this very small screenshot of the big annual report of AMC two years ago. AMC in that annual report had a release that we know that there is recalls and everything happening on the background. But we want to counter this. How are we going to counter this? Number one, we're going to do content-based measures, such as rapid turnover and examination questions and scenarios that they really did this in 2024 was the best example. It's really funny. Let's go back to 2023 or 2022. Again, I've been doing this since 2018. So it's been already six years. And I've been looking at the trends that AMC usually follows. In 2018, 2019, in the first two months of 2020, before we had COVID, and then when we started the exams, I can in 22, 23. AMC usually used to pick up a limited number of cases and repeat it every year. Next year, they'll do another number of cases different. And this was why in 2019, they used 2017 recalls. When they started 2020, they went back and started using 2018 recalls. When they started 2024, I think in the first two months, they had kind of covered all the clusters in medicine, all the groups of physical examinations. So I think in just two, three months, they had rapidly turned over the cases like in terms of physical examination, they had almost touched all the cases. In medicine, they had touched chest pain, abdominal pain, shortness of breath, tiredness and all the clusters, that was very weird. They never used to do this because if they used to start with chest pain, this month would be chest pain, next month would be shortness of breath, the next month would be chest pain again. So the first thing that happened in the exam was the rapid turn of the cases. So this kind of created problem for the people who wanted to let me study the recalls of the last six months, I want to one past exam. Hopefully no one wants to study the recalls of the last three months and past the exam. Because that will never happen. But there are some super confident tutors or courses who tell you just study the last six months, recalls and you will be totally fine. Because of that rapid turn over, that is not something I'll do. I'll properly study the kind of case list that you have had this for this exam. That was quite extensive, but again, you do need that past exam. But the second point was the most important one and kind of linking to the biases that we've discussed today. We're gonna do some modification of the examination content in such a way to neutralize or even penalize malpractice. What do I mean by malpractice in the exam? The recalls. In some words, vaguely, I have said told you that we know you have the recalls. We know you're studying the recalls. And we know you've made notes out of your recalls. We're gonna change the exam in such a way that you're gonna get the same recall, the same stem and you're gonna be happy. Oops, I got the same case, but we're gonna neutralize it and even penalize it. How we're going to neutralize it? We're gonna change the findings. Very simple, yeah? It's the same stem. By just changing a few findings, we're gonna change it to different diagnosis. The same guy who was unwell, the same guy who was used heroin and has come from Indonesia is to share the needles. Yeah, the first time we use it was a hepatitis case. He can have HIV, HIV, a certain version that we're just gonna change the findings and boom, those of you guys who memorized the recall without having a good understanding of what you're really doing and that is retaking, how you're approaching that case, you're gonna fail. And with penalizing, we are going to work on the biases a little bit more. To be honest, this understanding of biases is nothing new for these organizations and for osuke exams, I'll say I've learned it recently myself. And again, to be honest, like just working as a moral of a formal medical educator in more of a formal role in a college I've been learning about these stuff and learning more about osuke. It's interesting that maybe before this, not me, not any other IMG, not any other course provider, really don't understand this. And this is the same thing that I usually tell you that we're always standing behind this line. We never know about their side and no AMC examiners allow to come and tell you recalls. So you will sign off a non-disclosure agreement with AMC at the moment that you become an examiner not only for when you work with them, but also when you stop working with them that you have a non-disclosure agreement legally. You cannot do it for six months with them, learn all the recalls and then go out and sell off the recalls. So these biases are there and the examiners are told and trained to understand these biases and preferably not pass the candidate who has these biases. So the candidate who primarily closes the case will never pass. Yeah, he comes down to the right diagnosis, good job, but I'll never pass you because it was never about diagnosis. The candidate who comes in and I clearly see that she has a confirmation bias, it'll be very hard to convince me to pass her. Unless you really continue to ruling out her differentials after it was shows me that she has a good understanding, a good approach, good structure, good list of deities for that case. In that case, maybe I will come back from the confirmation bias and say that this candidate still did a good job. She knew what she had to do. She had a little bit of confirmation but she did hepatitis to early, but she then went on to rule out HIV, ruled out a travel history, ruled out other infections and so on. And again, the diagnostic momentum obviously will never pass. Yeah, because you have such a, you have found such a rigid thinking process that even different findings cannot push you into a different diagnosis. Even you don't find the positive things that you've studied in that recall, but still that doesn't change your diagnosis. I give you X-ray of a radius fracture in the stem of the scaphoid fracture that has been recalls for years. You look at it and you tell me this is scaphoid. I see a small line of fracture in the scaphoid. This is a diagnostic momentum. So this is the first note that I'm kind of talking about these in a little bit of a more formal context and kind of trying to help you guys understand how they look at a oschi exam. These biases, when I learned about them, I realized that, yeah, so that was the reason that we felt that this is happening in the exam. This is why I've always been telling people do not take the recall inside, because when you take it inside usually, you don't pass. This is why we don't rule out differentials and we don't pass the exam. This is why we show off the recall too early and they always fail us even though we've done a reasonable job. So please keep these in mind, guys. And again, as this is the last video of your strategic preparation, hopefully you've found these videos helpful. The reality of these videos are, these are my experience of working with you guys in the last five, six years. And most importantly, my own experience. I always start this discussion with my own personal story that this is what happened to me back in 2017 when I've paid $5,000 for a course. But what I just learned was everything that really didn't happen to me in the exam and didn't pass me in the exam. That's when I realized there is a problem over here. And again, as always, I usually bring up this point that it's usually a little bit hard to differentiate good advice from bad advice. And nowadays you do have a lot of tutors, a lot of people who train you for a lot of tutors who train you for AMC clinical and stuff like that tutors who passed the exam two days ago, six months ago, all interestingly tutors who've never done the exam. Little bit hard to differentiate what advice was good and what advice is bad. The only moment that you realize which one was really true is in the exam and when you get your results. But I would rather listen to the logic, listen. And if I receive reasonable advice, I will do that. A reasonable advice will be advice that comes with evidence. Comes from somewhere that shows you that, look, look at this feedback, this has happened. Look at this person saying this will pass the exam. This is happening. I would preferably try to think reasonably and make logical decisions. I will tell you guys that I'm not here to teach you anything. All of you guys are well qualified doctors. All of you have graduated your medical training. I'm not here to teach you anything. I'm just here to show you how to pass this all the way. Yeah. And listen to me. Listen to me. I'll listen to everyone else. Whatever seems reasonable to you, whatever seems logical to you, trust my experience. Yeah. And do it in your exam. I can guarantee, follow what I want you to do and I can guarantee you'll pull out the rabbit out of your hat. It is a difficult task. It is a hard job. You're dealing with a very tricky, difficult, a little bit unfair exam. But this is the reality. You're not able to go into a argue with a FAMC. Oh, your exam is so hard. Your exam, this and that is happening. It is what it is. You're here. You want to pass this exam, rather than arguing, crying about what and how hard this exam is. We're going to do our best. We're going to improve ourselves. We're going to put a side over confidence. Understand that we need to learn some stuff. We are not good at some points. We have some strengths, but we want to fix our weaknesses. Fix our weaknesses. Walk to this exam. Walk into this exam. As always, play the exam by their rules. Pick off their boxes by their rules. You'll always pass. If you want to still go in with that overconfident, I want to take off my own boxes. Good luck. Because the real experience is that all boxes do not align with their boxes. So again, guys, hopefully you found all of these videos helpful. Super excited to meet you in the first session. Our first session is going to be about structure. We're going to have a big chat about structure. What structure means and why I want you to have a structure. And I'll hopefully see all of you guys very soon.