Let's get to our Hermitemesis case. So this case is again a new case of 2025, once only in June. I think it was pilot, I'm not sure. So I didn't really get the confirmation. I don't remember asking anyone to see if it was pilot or scored. But we cover it anyway. It's one of the newer cases that has popped out in DeGSA. Now this is how your case is gonna come to you. You have a 72 year old lady present to your emergency department after vomitting blood. Right, straightforward with the complaint. You need to take a history for six minutes. So obviously again, we're talking about pre-dominant assessment areas of history taking. And one interesting thing that I'm feeling is if you look at most of your 2025 cases that are being designed new, most of them are dominant assessment areas of history taking. I don't know what has changed, or they don't like PFIs, or they prefer to focus more on your history taking skills that obviously needs this differential to kind of go into it. Now we are talking about hematemesis. I will tell you the findings in a second. We don't have that much of a big list of differentials that that's why I may become a little bit hard, but let's brainstorm together. What are your differentials? I've already told you one of them. Yeah. Yeah, good. So... If I want to make a group of differentials, all of you will quickly agree on the two cancers that come important for you. Yeah, as a facial cancer and gastric cancer, both of them we talked about them today. And you can see how many cases AMC have worked different complaints that always end there. Going second, you can say a severe esophageitis. In terms of a severe esophageitis, that means the same as gastric esophageal reflux, but it's a severe version of esophageitis. Now, the third important thing for me is esophageal viruses, but the important question is esophageal viruses is a complication of what condition and what problem in your body that you have to ask me questions for. That you've studied in physical exam, poor to lie, potential and acronically a disease. Yeah. So again, if you want to make a small short list of differentials, alcohol cancers and the top of my list, alcohol, peptic ulcer, and esophageitis, that bias of fasciitis, I just mean the same gastric esophageal reflux disease again. As a facial viruses, that the questions that I'm going to be asking are questions of liver disease, poor to lie, potential, not going to get there. All of you know, Mallory Waste Syndrome, that is essentially just the recurrent vomiting, severe vomiting, that kind of causes some tears in your mucosa. And I'll leave bleeding disorders over here at the bottom of my list. The question of, yes, there are more differentials to be honest. I'm not a big fan of, I don't know, or to whatever fistula, whatever vascular ring in there is a vagus. I find them a little bit too much. If you want to add them to your list of differentials, you can. I might stick to the six list of differentials that are from different groups. I've chosen my best differentials to put in over here. Then I want to go into those weird type of rings and vascular mouth formations that you have to kind of cross there as a vagus and cause bleeding. I'll leave it up to yourself. Now, let's go back over here. Start building a history taking structure. Shouldn't be that hard. What is the first thing that you want to do in this case? Then I'm sure AMC cannot tell you not to do. I'm definitely making sure your patient is hemodynamically stable. Hopefully the next time it comes out, you'll have vital signs in the stem. Take that away from you because if you give me a hematemesis, obviously such a life-frittering situation, I'll make sure and the stem to tell the patient is stable for you to at least go in and start taking your history taking. But in this case, I'll walk in and I have six minutes of history. So I'm not too concerned about it. So, examine it just before I start. It's my patient stable, tell me the blood pressure, pulse rate, respiratory saturation before I start. You sit down, start with a good open ended question. As always, a good history taking starts with an open ended question. Whatever you like, how can I tell you? How can I help you? Can you tell me more about your bleeding or your vomiting? Let the patient start and giving your statement. What I've heard from people is it is kind of a short statement and she just states that look, I just wanted to sum blood and me and my partner panicked and we just came to the emergency department. Which is still a panic, concern, worry about this. And yes, it is concerning. Anyone will be concerned who sees that. I want you to address that concern nicely. Maybe towards the end of the workshop, I'll ask each and every one of you to put your statement that you've chosen to do in the chat box. We'll all look at it together and see what you've decided to do. I do understand that is concerning. You did a good job coming to the hospital. We'll do a proper, complete, comprehensive assessment on the problem just to get a better idea about what's going on and we'll take care of you. You are in safe hands, whatever. Are you happy to go through a few questions? Yes, doctor. Now let's go through exploring our complaint. Again, another weird complaint over here, complaint of vomiting blood. Okay, cool. Before we go into exploring it, let's have a chat together. What do we want to explore? What are the boxes, guys? If we can agree on the boxes, we know what to do together. Yeah, describe it more. I'll take that as another question that you want to tell me. Yeah, timing, triggers, yeah. The way that I personally look at it, I look at it as two problems. You've vomited, you've vomited blood. Yeah, yeah. So I'll cut it in half. Obviously your blood is what you're focusing on, but there's still vomiting component that I want. Let's do the timing quickly together. You really don't have a timing because it's a cute. Can you tell me when did it happen exactly? When did it happen exactly? First, second question that is the most important question. Is it the first time that you are vomiting a blood? Is it the first time that this is happening? Now, we get to the blood complaint and you want to know the character. And in terms of the character, can you tell me the blood? Was it fresh blood? Bright red or was it dark blood? Just describing what I have. Yeah. So was it fresh blood that you saw? Or was it dark blood? Did you see any clothes? And an easy question. Can you describe the amount? Can you describe the amount of the blood? If anyone wants to ask the question in another way, is it just a few drops versus a large amount? So would you say, did you just vomit a few drops? Or even if you want to make it better, was it just blood streaks in your vomit? A few drops, or was it a large amount of blood? Just to define the quantity of that. Now, I will still do the vomiting before I go any further. Can you tell me how many times did you vomit? This kind of indirectly ticks off your malarie waist. Anywhere, malarie waist, recurrence, severe vomiting and stuff like that. I just vomited once. Oh, okay, good. And one other question that I like to add over here is that can be called a describe, I'll call it a clarifying. Whenever you have these kind of bleeding, because they don't, hopefully, when we do our respiratory cluster together, we'll do a hemoptysis case together. In that case, I'll tell you, a hemoptysis in the counseling workshop, I think we do a nose bleed together, epistaxis. In all of these, your job is, there is blood coming out of the patient's mouth. You just want to identify the source, because just remember, a nose bleed that is posterior goes back of the throat triggers it, I vomit the blood. Now, at that point, you have a little bit of difficulty, was it from the nose or was it from the, as a vagus? So I will clarify over here, any nose bleed that you had, do you also have any nose bleeds? The nose bleeds, yeah, in the morning, I had a nose bleed, you have some clots on the back, you suddenly vomited, and you think you're vomiting a blood. And I'll ask the second question, did you also cough up any blood? Did you cough up any blood? Just to clarify, am I dealing with my epistaxis, hemoptysis or a hematomesis? I always find it a nice question, just you are an osc. examiner, even in a real life, you always have the diagnostic problem or where is it coming from. And the last group of boxes that I'll put over here, that is necessary in this one, I'll call them symptoms. Just to understand what symptoms are, red-fax symptoms, are you feeling dizzy? Are you feeling tired? I do this for occasional complaints that are simulated this and create a big problem of bleeding, being unstable and being anemic, so losing blood, red-fax symptoms. So if I wanna just define the boxes one last time, because this one is a little bit weird, the timing, standard, character of the blood, you still wanna ask me a few questions about the vomit, it's two components, vomiting and blood in it, then going into the third one that you wanna clarify the source. And at the end, you just wanna take off your red-fax symptoms or stability symptoms, whatever you wanna call them. I just call them symptoms for myself. Okay, good. So we've picked up the key things together, I'll show you the findings later on. Now let's go into our differentials. All of you guys are professionals now, what is your first differential that you wouldn't pass without it? Red-fax. So tell that candidate who's failed and hasn't asked answers, he didn't ask answer questions properly or all of them, that's why you kinda failed. Now that we've done this a few times, guys, you have to understand, as an examiner, I'll get a little bit annoyed by the 40 candidates who asked me, loss of weight, loss of appetite, lumps and bumps. Yeah, you did ask it, I might still not pass you because I need more questions. In each and every case, you can't see, we're doing more specific questions. So let's get over it quickly together, loss of weight, loss of appetite, lumps and bumps. Tiredness, if you get a yes to any of these, you know how to explore it, obviously. If there's a loss of weight, yes, I tell me how many kilos, over what period of time, any intention. Now let's become a little bit more specific. In terms of becoming specific, let's look at as a facial cancer. We're just doing the same group of differentials together question thisphasia. Do you have any difficulty or pain on swallowing? Any difficulty or pain on swallowing? Let's come down, appetite also disease, the blood coming from a source of ulcer in the stomach, any abdominal pain? We did it the first case of today and have you noticed in dark souls? I think we'll do the dark soul case next class, hopefully. These are the two key cancers that I'm thinking about. Yeah, I think this is enough. I don't wanna go towards as a facial cancer, or a four-injual cancer at this point. Now let's go into our other differentials. Now once you drop into your other differentials, we wanna start thinking about the appetite also disease, questions and also, sorry, not a appetite also disease over here, peptic gastric cancer, sorry, my bad. You can call the gastric cancer. Wanna start asking about gastroesophageal reflux and peptic also disease questions. By now, we've done the question a few times. Do you have any history of heartburn? That acidic, metallic, beta-tasting in your mouth. Notice that an increase of saliva in your mouth. In terms of the peptic also disease, if you have forgotten, please explore abdominal pain. I don't need to tell you this. If this case comes up again and I tell you like, yes, I'm also having abdominal pain. What do you do? Explore the pain. So tell me more about your pain. Where is your pain? Tell me the quality of it. You ask a few questions about it from me. And we've already talked about our risk factors together. In terms of risk factors, the main ones, medications. You wanna look at alcohol and smoking. We wanna look at spicy food as the best food. That triggers this. And you wanna look at caffeine, OVT, or whatever else you'd like to ask. Now, we've done these two that takes off severe as a phagiotis and just a normal non-cancerous also bleeding and then as a phasial viruses. As a phasial viruses. In terms of as a phasial viruses, I have questions of liver disease. Same questions. And I'm not in a rush in this case because I have a lot of time. I have a very small list of differentials. Have you noticed any yellowish discoloration of your skin? Coming down and each in S of the liver disease can go over the diseases. Have you noticed any dark discoloration of your urine? Have you noticed any pale color of your stools? I think this is enough. Moving forward and you've already asked alcohol as a trigger for CLD2. I will definitely ask bleeding disorders. In terms of bleeding disorders, I'll ask a few questions. You wanna ask me symptoms. You wanna ask me about, you wanna ask me symptoms. You also wanna ask me about risk factors. In terms of symptoms, any recent, easy bruising. So have you noticed recently you bruise easily? Any recent recurrent nose bleeds. If you have a young lady, obviously, when a raise you have a young lady, but you're a good old person. Yeah, you don't have periods anymore. In terms of a risk factor, the one risk factor that is always important for you and your families to have bleeding disorders. And all of you know the ones that are one in families. So any recent episodes of easy bruising, recurrent nose bleeds, bleeding disorders and so on. I will ask medication for the second time, but I wanna be a little bit more specific. That is what Iris is saying. Do you take any blood thinness? I do understand some of you will say like I've already asked medications. I'll ask it again specifically because if this patient is on a pixaband, we're offering whatever it is significant for you. And I'll wrap up my case with a past medical history and family history. Now Zara is asking good questions. Zara is saying like you said, any GI complaint, I wanna do general GI questions. As much as yes, I don't still mind you wanna do it. The idea is that nausea and vomiting is out of the way. Yeah. One small problem, Zara, we'll be looking at this list of differentials. If you just jump over here, look at a list of differentials one more time together. I wouldn't say constipation, diarrhea, bloating will become that important. So one of the reasons that those general GI questions become important is for example, the previous case of few of your differentials, for example, Peptic also. These Peptic just recounts and might give you vomiting and you wanna ask it. I don't have any problems if you wanna ask it in this case, I feel in this case, I'll skip it. But again, you are totally right. And thank you for reminding me. I'll show you the findings. Let's get to the diagnosis. Now these are what the findings that the patient has given. Let's go through it one by one. So first episode, it is fresh blood, no clots in it. The patient has weight loss. You have to ask me how much over what period of time is it intentional? Patient has appetite loss, patient is tired. Patient has docs, so some people say there is docs, so some people say there's no docs, so it doesn't make much of a difference for me because I already have what I need. We thought we found the docs, those. There is a chronic use of ibuprofen for our triad, so when you ask the patient to use any medication, you ask to use the referent for back pain. Patient is a smoker, patient drinks alcohol for your classes every day and so on. So you have a hematomasis with these, peaches and responses. What is your top diagnosis guys? All right, for all of you. Yeah, so again, we can all year on the fact of as a facial or gastric cancer, but especially because of this alcohol multiverse gastric cancer. So you can't see there's something, there's a concept happening over and over again and that is also that is cancerous. So multiple cases, we're getting the same thing over and over again. A peptic ulcer disease that you have respect as ibuprofen or whatever symptoms of that. You have red flags, we're making gastric cancer that the top differential diagnosis. I'll choose gastric cancer as a facial cancer, still on my list, still important, yes, but second. So my top differential for this case will be gastric cancer with the same explanation that we've done in the previous cases. Again, I want to keep it sensitive. Look, Margaret, I consider different conditions. I was considering different conditions that can cause, that can cause blood in your vomit, in your vomit. Now, let's do it a little bit differently. I know after a while it becomes a little bit annoying that the way that I do it, must be a little bit differently today. Like look, I did find some concerning features. I did find some concerning features that raise the possibility or raise the possibility or the concern of the possibility of our gastric cancer, which is a cancer in your stomach. Which is a cancer in your stomach. So, look Jane, I did ask you questions for a number of conditions that can cause this blood in your vomit. During our conversation, I did find some concerning features that we call red flag features that kind of raise the concern and the possibility of having a gastric cancer that is a cancer in your stomach. What are my reasons? Now, the reasons that I've made this diagnosis is you have respected for our ulcer in your stomach. So, in your history, I found that you have been using that painkiller anti-inflammatory for a very long time and that painkiller can cause ulcer in your stomach. Yeah. Now, pushing it forward, you also have red flags, concerning features, the fact that you are losing weight, the fact that your appetite is not the best, the fact that you are tired, all of these concern me, that there is a cancer in that ulcer, which I'm telling you, my second differential too. Anyway, you still can't have a paeptic ulcer disease, there is no cancers. Yeah. So, these are the top two things that I'm thinking about in this case. Firstly, thinking about a cancer on that base of ulcer, but secondly, it can be a non-cancerous paeptic ulcer disease. Thinking about my differentials, yes, number three, you can also be a cancer in your food pipe. You didn't have any difficulty in swallowing, that's why I'm not really thinking about that. And then you can just really start the rest of your differentials. It can be as a fragilist inflammation in your food pipe that usually happens in gastroesophageal reflux disease. And we didn't have any features of gastroesophageal reflux today. It can be varices in your food pipe that these are just dilated blood tubes. Dylated blood tubes in your food pipe. Again, I don't really think that is possible in your case, because you don't have features of liver disease, usually these are a complication of liver disease. And going down, I was thinking about bleeding disorders. I was thinking about malarue waist syndrome. If you wanna explain malarue waist to the patient, these are just some tears in the food pipe. Shallow or superficial tears. Superficial tears in the food pipe, triggered by vomiting. But again, you just told me you've vomited once. I really don't think that'll be the situation usually malarue waist happens with a recurrent multiple episodes of vomiting that kind of wraps up your hematomasis case. So now if we just look at what we've done together in the number of cases we followed together, we started with an abdominal pain case guys that ended up being a peptic ulcer disease. We then went into a indigestion case together that we did it as a dyspepsia case of discomfort in the upper abdomen. In that case, we ended up with a gastric cancer on top of a peptic ulcer disease. Then we went into our dysphagia case together that we came to the conclusion that yep, there are features of esophagial cancer. We came into our hematomasis case and with the hematomasis case, we came to the conclusion that again, it was like having a gastric cancer on the base of a peptic ulcer disease. I would love to move one case and put it in this cluster but I still feel it'll kind of be better to do it with the cases that I do tomorrow that are your liver cases. Usually it gives you better understanding. Tomorrow we'll talk about our indifference anemia. A patient who comes to you with our indifference anemia, I'll do it with the liver cluster but just to give your heads up here, your task is to take a history from that lady who has our indifference anemia. In the course of that history, you find out that she has loss of weight, she has dog stools and she has the red flag of our indifference anemia. What is your diagnosis? Another case of gastric cancer on the base of peptic ulcer disease. So you can see AMC enjoys this topic and could be honest, it's a nice topic. If I ever wanted to design a good case of this phasia in digestion, hematomasis, I always start thinking about the red flag that you have to tick off and that'll be your cancer cases.