Now, you walk into the exam in 2025, you get this case. Now, let's do it together. You already done it. You know your structure. I'll just ask you questions. Maybe grab your keyboard, want to brainstorm and see what we do. So 40-year-old man complaining of upper abdominal pain. Okay. Cool. And we have the backup of my mind. I know that this is either going to be a right-up or quadrant pain, that I have a structure for that. And we've already done that together. That my job is to differentiate BLE or colleague versus callusy, sti, this versus call angiitis. This might be my famous pancreatitis case. AMC has loved it in 2025, they've done it 20 times. Maybe the pepigals, so this is still don't know which one we're dealing with. Yeah. Now, let's step foot into the case. You guys know your structure. Let's brainstorm together. This is what you're doing in that two minutes. This is me thinking in two minutes. First, I'll quickly go through this. Okay. This is most likely one of these scenarios. Question number one. Grab your keyboard, guys. What are the four steps of your structure? You're going to step foot into this case. You have four major steps of your history taking. What is that? There'll be the four steps. Number one, I'll do this. Number two, I'll do this. Number three, I want to do that. Number four, most likely I will have time to do that. Perfect. So this is my thinking, guys. I have a task of history because by the time you're walking into the exam, your situation is something similar tonight. You've already studied this. We've done it together. You've studied it. Rotative study partner. I'll tell myself, when I go into this case, I have an intro. I want to explore my pain. I want to rule out differentials. And if I have time, I'll close the case nicely. Now, in the intro, if I don't want to forget one thing in this case, what is that one thing that you don't want to forget? I'll make sure that I stay building. I'm not quite sure if this is a coin. In case you're all making sure I ask it at the beginning before I go in. When I go in for my pain, this is a basic Cicora. Now, we've already done this together. This, this, and this. Out of your Cicora site, in terms of the quality onset radiation, elevating, aggravating factor. Considering this is a acute pain, you still don't know the site. Which component of your Cicora do you think will be very critical for you to remember to ask me specific questions? Yeah, site, yes, but for me, it sees too. I'll definitely ask position and food and eating in these cases. Be a lear colleague food, pancreatitis position, peptic ulcer disease, food. I'll definitely make sure that I have specific aggravating factors. The rest is my basic structure. Now, going down to the differentials, I've already spoiled it. There's three groups that I definitely can see. They'll tell me what is group number one before you even think about those conditions. Before you even go right up a livacol, blood, a pancreas, and peptical red facts. And also general GI questions. Now, I'm asking the question made before red facts. So this is how I brainstorm in the two-minute case. After all the studies we've done together, after all the structures that we've made together, by this point, I have a very basic structure and understanding of the concept. I don't need to think about what is question one to 50. I think about four major boxes. Everything is similar. The only thing is I'll signify one thing before I go into depending on what I have in front of me. Now, let's look at our findings together. Okay, me, we got a new case in 2025. So tell me, the guy had a large meal with wine for lunch and after that he gets to pay. Okay, so after a large meal, but also alcohol. So, can be call us this studies, can be pancreatitis. Let's go. Since he had lunch, the moment he takes lunch, it triggers a pain. People record that he's sitting in the chair and kind of bending forward. That kind of tells you something, a non-verbal cue off. My pain is better on leaning forward. Yeah? There is severe pain in the upper abdomen, again, epic astrophic, radiating to the back. Nothing makes it better. Apparently in the past medical history, we have a history of hyperthyroidism, he's on tyroxone, on the Zem peak. He removed his gallbladder 10 years ago. This is the interesting part. Do you have any loss of weight? Yes, I do. What be how much? Three kilos? What period of time? One month? Is it intentional? Yes, it's intentional. Now question, are you concerned about this? No, really. Yeah. When I saw this finding that, I think this is the first time that AMC is doing this, I was thinking that now what they're doing is, they're trying to pick out the candidates that ask the roleplay. Do you have any loss of weight? Yes. The end loss of appetite. And you take that loss of weight as a significant one. When you ask him how much, three kilos in one month, intentional is no significant for me. Yeah. Now what is your top diagnosis for this case guys? Perfect. Acupuncture diet is quite an easy case. I don't know why on the day some people made the diagnosis. A billy recall, the cholesterol is some people made peptic ulcer disease. Some people have done pancreatitis. But there is one other finding in these findings that kind of pushes you to think, this is a pancreatitis. What is that? Exactly, this guy that we kind of talked about. Yeah. So those ampeg, I was interested to see that who was ampeg, yeah, definitely. So as you know, as a side effect of a GLP, ones you do get pancreatitis. So simple case of pancreatitis. Yeah. We've had a large number of pancreatitis in 2025. Some of them are similar to the old version. Yeah. I had alcohol last night party. That's why I have a pancreatitis very typical. This one was more of a variation of that case. That was interesting for me. So many people got confused in the findings. Some people got confused with this and that it with the diagnosis of cancers. Some people got confused with the meal, with the wine, they missed this, they missed the ozampic, they said, okay, it's a gallbladder problem. Yeah. So the idea is that they kind of know how you make a diagnosis, they're kind of playing up with the things that you look for looking for the candidate who understands the significance of the questions and the answers. So I wouldn't say this is a new case, but I thought it's interesting one to kind of discuss with. And again, one good example of a multiple findings drama. In the video for the online press, it's just an important topic. That was the first very afternoon. We had a conversation for outdoor of traditional readings, often separated and said, obviously you don't know which is first a rumor. We're familiar with the pros and cons, how it should taste like. If you like me but if you like any of my project programs or other