Hope all of you are well. And let's get to one of our last videos on strategic preparation for AMC clinical. So in this video, I'll be talking about study planning. And I'll be doing it in three separate parts, initially talking about why I want you to have study planning and make a plan for yourself. Secondly, talking about what are the concepts that you have to think about and apply to your plan. And at the end, I'll tell you like, if I was to make a plan again to study for AMC clinical, how would I do that based on the experience of the last three, four years of working with you guys, seeing what you do, the common trends. And I know most of you know by now that the common trends are not working for this exam, you can just look at the passing rate and just realize that things that people are doing over and over again, obviously are not working for this exam. So hopefully please trust my experience on this. Again, what I'll be telling you is partly the experiences that I've had with many people looking at the past candidates and at the same time looking at the failed candidates. And I have also been a candidate of this exam up in through the entire emotions, the stages, the thoughts that you go through. I have tried to pass this exam with a short cut, just coming down to the conclusion that there is no short cut in passing this exam. So you really have to be clever. And I don't call it a good study planning or someone who studied more is just about being clever, being clever using the time you have in the best way possible. But what is our goal out of this discussion? The thing that I want you to do after you finish listening to this video, you have to really sit down with yourself and sort this out. Because most of you have exams coming up in two or three months time and this is the point that you really have to have a plan in front of you. You have to have a step by step plan just to help you manage your time and manage all those unexpected events that are going to happen in the next few months that will interfere with your regular planning that you've done. I want you to avoid wasting time. Unfortunately, it's not that all people who are failing this exam don't study but many of you study and prepare in an incorrect way that I've already talked about the typical candidate who role plays 12 hours based on your notes just the recalls with their study partner. They've actually put a lot of time and energy into it but they've wasted time because just close to the exam, they realize that memorizing those recalls is not going to help them. And the reality is that I want you to use that time in the best way possible. So we are going to focus on the key word, the best way possible. And this is the point that becomes a little bit important whatever amount of time you have. Each and every one of you will be different. And this is one thing that I need to tell you at the beginning of this video. I know you guys expect me to give you a structure, a plan, tell you like five days study this, six days study this after two weeks through this or do that. I have to remind you that each and every study plan that you make will be individualized. It'll be completely based on your circumstances, the available time you have, how much time you can study, what are your other variables that affect your studying for this exam. And this is the point that just to make it clear I'll give you a very clear example of candidate A and candidate B. Candidate A is the candidate who is a fresh graduate, they're 29 years old. They are either single or they do have a very supportive partner, no children, not working. Candidate A has 24 or seven to study. They're fully free, partner supports them. They cannot work, just sit down, study full time for a number of months. And usually candidate A is the person who usually plans long term, gives themselves six months for this exam and they take their time to prepare quite well. Candidate B on the other hand, that I do understand you guys and I know how hard it is for you guys. Candidate B are those of you who are either medical officers, a chair was working in hospitals, the worst situation is you're a registrar, you're working, I don't know, 80, 90 hours a week or you're a general practitioner like myself and I know how busy you guys are. Or on the other hand, you might be working in any other health related job or any other job and you are busy, you have a family, you have two children, you have to take care of your family, you have to provide your, provide for your family, you can't stop working. And the reality is this is the point that you clearly see that, okay, we really can't aim for one study plan for everyone because this person will have a lot of time to prepare and study for this exam. On the other hand, Candidate B doesn't have much of a time and they have a limited amount of time. So I want you to understand the concept of study planning and what is the best way to plan for this exam to prepare for it, understanding the differences of your circumstances. So at the end of this video, because I usually get to meet many of you, get to get a little bit familiar with your circumstances, but I don't get the time to know all of you. You really have to sit down with yourself, understand what is your availability, how much time you can put into it and all of the other variables that will interfere with your planning and just make a plan on paper. Okay, so the next most important thing that we have to do before planning our studies is understanding the value of the cases. We're going to divide our exam into five areas. So we're going to divide it into medicine. Medicine and surgery will be all together, but just going to call it the medicine topic. We'll have the topic of physical examinations that you're performing in the face-to-face exam, the topic of psychiatry, all of your side cases, obstetrics and gynecology, and at the end you'll have pediatrics. Now that we're at the end of 2025, we do have a better understanding about what AMC is doing and how they're looking at this topic that I do assume it'll stay the same for at least another year or two. But just before we look at the stats and the average numbers that AMC has used in 2025, if I want to share my experience with you guys working with you in the last seven years since 2018, I've realized the two problem areas for everyone is medicine and physical examination. Part of the problem is they are kind of challenging to pass compared, for example, to pediatrics because the physical examination does have a performance component that is not just studying and going there taking a history, asking a few questions. You have to perform in it. This does require a little bit of extra practice. And medicine is a vast topic. It is a very big topic that creates some challenges because obviously because it's very big, you will tend to memorize regals. You missed the idea that you have to approach the cases properly and you miss all the key points of cases. I've seen this multiple times, if you go into cases, obvious medicine cases, but you don't ask the key points, and obviously the result is not a pass. Psychologically, there's a problem over here because if you compare the amount of information and cases in psych to medicine, medicine is 10 times bigger than psych. If you compare the number of cases and topics in medicine to pediatrics, medicine has five times the cases that you have in the entire pediatric topic. And at this point, psychologically, what you go for, you go for the easy job first. So many of you just go like, come to me the day before your exam. I've studied OMG, pediatrics and psych. I've skipped medicine done a little bit medicine physical exam and I haven't done practice. At that point, you're telling yourself that I've covered three out of five topics, but the reality is that you've left out the two major topics. You will hear me later on explaining this in the rest of the video that if I have a limit to the amount of time and I need to prepare on something, if you ask me this question any time, if you ask me today, 10, five years ago, five years later, I will tell you, if you want to just choose two topics to prepare, choose medicine and physical examination. For certain reasons, when I'll show you in a minute why you need to focus a little bit more on physical examination and medicine. Now, looking at the stats, 2025 has been a little bit of a mess. Obviously, we started the face-to-face exam after a year and a half of not doing it, new team kind of running the exam, new center. And it took them a little bit of while to come to their senses and kind of come to that organization that I do expect in terms of choosing the cases. But when we start March 2025, we can see these are average. So if I say 5.6 cases, I've kind of averaged a number in the 10 exams that you've had in March. In the 10 exams of March on average, you had five and a half, five point six cases of medicine, three point seven cases of physical examination, two and a half cases of pediatrics, one point seven cases of ONG, and there's been a great interest in psychiatry in 2025. I don't know what's going on with them. They are making lovely cases, and maybe one of the reasons are, they are using a lot of video cases that obviously doesn't need a role player, so they need to pay one person less for that case. And I think that has been a little bit attractive for them. Usually, they're old numbers. If I want to kind of run you through the very old numbers, old numbers where usually used to get four and four or five and three. So a very regular number, if you look at 2022 exams, 2018, 2019, was getting a total of eight stations in medicine and physical examination, getting a set two cases of psychiatry used to be fixed a long time ago, getting three cases for ONG, getting three cases for pediatrics. These are the average numbers. These were the numbers that were set. So when I did my exam in 2018, we would always have free pediatrics, always free ONGs to psychiatry, and then a combination of eight cases being medicine and physical exam, that most of the time it would be five and three, sometimes four and four, and sometimes we did have one or two exams that became free and five. So that's the way that we're kind of expecting numbers. But comparing that to what we're seeing in 2025, initially they start the year like this, but the important part is the second part of it. And towards the end of the year, things change a little bit. So the point is that medicine and physical examination were still standing on the same, so five point four and three point six. And then suddenly you do see the stats of ONG and pediatrics increased. So when you look at September exams, I'll say most of the exams had free pediatrics cases, most of the exams had two and three ONG cases. So this was a change compared to the first few months of March and April. I was very surprised at the beginning of the year that they're not doing too many ONGs. There were exams that you had just one ONG, one pediatrics, and that's kind of interesting. But towards the end of the year, they kind of went back on track, trying to reach those regular numbers of again, two, three, three. Obviously you can't see they're doing kind of a five and a three or four over here. But anyway, if I want to kind of summarize these numbers and look at the entire year, you have to come back over here. What I've always seen in 2019 is a new event that nine of your cases on average are physical examination and medicine. And just to give a heads up to you guys, because obviously you haven't seen my list and the spreadsheets that I have on the cases throughout the year, I have not considered mental state examinations as an examination. AMC does consider mental state exam as a physical exam. But the fact is pulling MSE out, considering that as a side case, nine cases on average have been medicine and physical examination. And this is massive guys, because like look, nine out of 16 stations, that's more than 50%. More than half of your exam are in these two topics. So if I want to go back to what I told you at the beginning, if you have a limited amount of time and you have to prepare on all the two areas, these are your two areas, the reason is obvious. Because first of all, it is a hard part, yes, it is the difficult part, it's the biggest part, medicine has number of cases, number of clusters, it's a mess, physical examination needs performance, you have to perform, you perform physical examination on a role play and that's become, that's where it becomes a little bit challenging. But coming down over here, you do understand that these two topics give you enough cases to pass the exam, which essentially means that I will tell you guys that call me the day before you exam, tell me I haven't studied pediatrics, I'll tell you that's totally fine with me, as long as you're totally fine with medicine and physical examination. Let's say out of these nine cases, you fail two or three of them, that is an average passing rate of cases. So let's say you get six cases, all you need to pass is one side case, one pediatric case, one O and G case, that I assume all of you guys, even if you have a little bit of working experience out of the two, three cases of pediatrics, you will pass one. If you've studied psych a little bit, you will pass one of them, you know one of them is MSC anyway, I expect you to study mental state examination. So the reason that we're having this discussion a little bit earlier is when you plan your study time, so whatever number of hours, whatever number of weeks you have because different people will be different again, based on your availability and the amount that you can study, work, family and other responsibilities that you have. Secondly, on the date that you get in the exam, some of you guys will get dates in February, you have to end half months to study, some of you guys get it in April, you have four and a half months to study, five months to study, some of you don't have dates you're planning for July, August, September, you have a lot of time to study. What you need to do is your time allocation in your study needs to resonate the value of the cases, which very clearly it means that 50% of my time at least, and I'll just add this at least 50% of my time or more needs to be allocated on medicine and physical examination, the rest of my time, whatever that is, I'll allocate it to psychiatry, pediatrics and obstetrician gynecology. This is the reality of the exam. And again, look at, for example, over here, let's say, let's look at the guy who prepared well on pediatrics and OMG, good job, you passed four cases. You had studied psychiatry out of the two free cases, you passed two, that gave you six cases. You had not prepared for the challenging topic of medicine and physical examination. That was already very hard to pass, even if you have studied them. So even if you study physical examination, it's just a challenge to pass, even if you study medicine, it is a challenge to pass. You're out of nine cases, you just passed two of them, you got to the eight, Mark and you still failed the exam. So this discussion is very necessary before we get to how do I wanna allocate time, how do I wanna kinda divide my time depending on what I have. As I've told you, one area of this discussion is individualized, that is yours, depending on when you're examed, it is how much you can study. The second part that will not change for any of you guys is, understand the value of the cases. By cases I'm in the topics and you need to clearly get that to resonate in your time. So that is one big important consideration that I'll have before starting my study planning. So let's do our example together, and I'll go just go with a number, you can adjust it based on whatever time you have till your exam. You tell me I have 10 weeks till my exam. That is most likely what most of you will have, more or less, yeah. Look guys, I will allocate a separate two weeks at the end of my preparation phase. So I wouldn't count that two weeks into my preparation phase and my study planning because these two weeks has its own story that we'll talk about in the end. Whatever time I have left, so in this example, I had 10 weeks, I've set aside two weeks, that'll give me a total of eight weeks. I will allocate those eight weeks based on the value of topics. So physical examination and medicine had 50% the other topics had 50%. I'm gonna spend at least, and I will repeat at least four weeks on physical examination and medicine. And I'm gonna spend the rest of my time on psychiatry, pediatrics and orange. This is how I'm gonna do that. To be honest, if you tell me like how would you do that, I'll put two weeks of physical examination. I'll put like two, even two and a half weeks for medicine. Then I'll divide the rest. So I have four weeks here. What I'm going to do is I'm gonna give it around like one week for psychiatry. It is a small cluster, yeah. And I'm gonna divide it based on my experience, my knowledge, and if I've done any studies before, I'm gonna do like one and a half week here, and I'm gonna do another one week for pediatrics. So this will be a total of three and a half weeks. And what I did was I still prefer to give an extra half and a week to my medicine. But if you don't wanna give that to medicine, you're still are stressing about the other topics. Obviously this will be one and a half weeks, one and a half weeks. It doesn't sound like I'm a lot of time, but again, you have to be a little bit clever. If I wanna make something very clear for you guys, because some of you ask me like, how much time should I prepare for AMC clinical? I usually never recommend, so I don't recommend long preparations. The reason that I tell you don't do long preparations is you usually do burnout. At the beginning, you tell yourself like, yeah, I'm gonna study for 12 straight months for this exam. And I'll tell you like, look, the first few months, you don't have a date, you're not studying seriously. After six months of studying, obviously you're sacrificing a lot of time, energy in your relationship, family, time, and so on, you will pay an out and a long preparation never goes well. I always say like, I'll give myself average of three months for this exam. If I wanna start from scratch, I'll give myself three months. If you're preparing a good way, three months is more than enough. Some people pass with less, some people need more time. But the other joke that I make that is not a nice joke is I'll do the exam in three months because if I'm supposed to fail because of whatever reason, because I don't have the experience of doing the exam, I didn't get time to prepare well or anything, it'll give me a chance to do it my second exam earlier. And I'm sure all of you are kind of in a rush to pass this exam because no one wants to be studying long term, the sooner you pass, obviously, the more happy you are. And many of you need to pass clinical to get jobs, GEPs, HMOs, you need your general registration, so you wanna pass the soonest possible. Okay, let's move forward. So we divided our time together. The way that we divided our time was based on the value of the topics, but we have to make some rules together. And this is the point, guys, that I please urge you guys to put your plan on paper, write it down, put it on a paper, so you'll stick to it. The reason that I ask you to do this is things will happen. Your son will fall sick, you will get COVID, something else happens, your job, this comes up, a lot of things will happen that will interfere with your program. Unfortunately, what most of you do is, for example, you've studied, let's say medicine for three weeks, you gave yourself three weeks, that's fine. You were in physical examination, and you had allocated three weeks, but you got COVID, and you're completely bed ridden for two weeks. So two weeks out of three weeks, and at that point, you start panicking that, oh my God, physical examination, I didn't study properly, what should I do now? You start eating into your OMG time and your pediatric time. So you tell yourself, okay, I lost two weeks here, I'm still gonna give three weeks to myself of physical examination, but you are postponing your OMG, and everything will get pushed across closer to your exam, and the review phase doesn't go well. So one thing that I remind you is, once a deadline is reached, you skip that topic. There is one small exception over here, one small exception, if that topic is medicine, and physical examination, and I feel that I've studied any less than 80% of the things that I needed to study for this topic, I will adjust my program, I will adjust my plan. So let's do a few examples. You gave yourself three weeks of medicine, things went well, you gave yourself two weeks of physical examination, went well, you finished it, you're in your OMG, you've given yourself two weeks, you fall sick for one week, you get COVID, yeah? I will study whatever I can in that extra one week for OMG, my plan is to start pediatrics, for example, on 14th of December, on 14th of December, you move on, once your deadline is reached, skip it. This will be helpful in a few ways, because once you start doing this, now you start urging yourself that I have to focus on important topics. I have to focus on the cases that I know there is a higher chance of coming in the exam, and the reality is, the number of cases that you prepare for doesn't necessarily always correlate with the amount of preparation you have for the cases to pass them. So it's not like if you study more cases, you are more prepared for the exam, that is not right. And for example, I always use physical examination as one good example. So for physical examination, for the online exam, we can do two things. The first thing that you can do is panic, as always, you still haven't studied the recalls well, so you still haven't studied the well-known cases of the exam that are being repeated over and over again. You start panicking, oh, no, I wanna know the face-to-face physical examination cases too. And this starts becoming a problem because if you have 60 well-known cases of online physical examination, now you're adding a 60 cases to that that are face-to-face physical examination cases, now you're telling me I'm preparing for 120 physical examination cases. The reality is your time is limited. No one has unlimited time and no one has that much of a time to tell themselves, like, I can study for one of the time I want to. So that limited amount of time will be divided to 120 cases now and it will lead to less preparation. I'll tell you the outcome of this in a second. I'll tell you what happens to this candidate in a second. But now candidate two starts being a little bit more reasonable, a little bit more logical. He starts saying, like, look, I'll prepare on less cases. So I already have 60 well-known online exam, physical examination cases. They are already really hard to study and takes a long time to master them, to be good at them. So maybe I'll forget about the extra 60 face-to-face cases and I will spend that same limited amount of time on 60 cases. Obviously I'll be better prepared and I'll tell you the outcome of this candidate in a second too. And what is the difference of these two candidates? You really have to think which one you want to be. Unfortunately, psychologically, most of us are this candidate because we still haven't prepared the well-known cases. You're not good at chest pain in medicine. You're not good at headache in medicine. You can't still pass the migraine case. You start panicking about that weird, bad, recalled case of that date that no one knows what it is. There's only one person who's recalled the dates on that date and you start panicking about that one case so, so much. You go into the exam. You've prepared less on the migraine case. You get the same migraine case. The same migraine recall. You've seen the stem. You've seen the recall. You've studied it. But because you had a lot more cases to study, prepare and review before the exam, you didn't get time to review or you didn't prepare enough and you get the well-known case and you failed the well-known case. Now let's look at candidate B. Candidate B is a little bit more clever. Yeah, you didn't prepare for that weird recall, the pilot case that no one knew what it is. But he focused on the well-known cases. He prepared a good structure for headache. He prepared well for the migraine case. That is a very common case since 2017 coming out every few months. He gets the well-known cases and he passes. And he passes the exam. The point here that all of you will bring up, yes, there is always that small chance that, you know, a new case will come up. But the joke that I make is, I can guarantee when a new case comes out, everyone is going to fail it on the day guaranteed, guys. If a new case comes up like when the fibromyalgia case came out, it would have been very hard to pass. Because even if you knew about it, it's really hard to suddenly see a new case think about it, think about a structure. What are my key points come down to a good list of differential diagnoses going to a station of eight minutes and path. Even if a new case comes out, it will be a pilot, most likely a pilot, 90% a pilot. So I usually tell people that this is a very common scenario. This is a very common scenario and problem that happens to you guys. The numbers are easy. You can memorize 100 cases, work on 100 cases. Obviously, I can guarantee if we imagine both candidate A and candidate B have a limited amount of time, that is 100% of time, each case will get 1% preparation. Now you can prepare on less cases, 50 cases, each case will get 2% preparation time. And it will be better prepared. Obviously, this better preparation will give you a higher chance of passing. And this is when you do have a candidate who has just studied for two months, but passes the exam. They chose what they want to study and I go back to this point. Once you have a deadline, you force yourself to focus on the important topics. Once you give yourself one week for psychiatry, you tell yourself like I'm definitely not going to get time to study everything in the same amount of detail. I know that there is at least a 50% chance that one of my cases is an MSC. I'm going to spend two days just for MSC. And the other 50 cases I'll do it in four days. Why am I doing this? Because I know there is a much higher chance of getting the important topic. And this is who I want you to be. Unfortunately, many of you are candidate A. And that is the point that again, you're still not able to pass the cases that you know you're going to come in the exam, but you start asking about the other ones. Like you still can't pass the CVS physical examinations into online exam. If I give you the acurromatic fever case, that is a very well known case. It's been a recall since 2021. You get this and you fail it. But you keep asking me, what about the high-potential face-to-face examination? Should I memorize this? Should I study for online exam? So please remember guys, the number of cases that you prepare for do not correlate with the amount of preparation you have. So don't think too, you're too cool if you've studied Marvern Notes, Karen Notes, Lives in Notes, and you've studied five years of recalls. If you're not well prepared on the number of cases that wouldn't work. And especially this is very relevant to the busy candidates. So those of you who are working, you have limited amount of time. This is how you're going to pass this exam. And this is why you're like working with me because I tell you that instead of panicking, always telling me, ah, what about this case? That case, master the ones that we do together. Let's master headache, master chest pain, master abdominal pain. Let's build a good structure. Yeah, I know there's one weird recall that doesn't fall into structure as a way of weird case. Leave that. Go for the cases that have a higher chance of appearing in your exam. Okay, but now let's talk about the critical face, the review face. Guys, I will give you a heads up about this. So I'm kind of recently up here, I'm doing a lot of predictions. So let me predict what's going to happen to you very close to your exam. And you're going to remember me very close to your exam. So you had, let's say, 12 weeks to prepare for this exam until the date that you've booked in. I don't know much. Oh, in the February. Everything is going well. You used your studying, I don't know, one cluster a day, 10 cases a day, three hours a day. You're all playing with your study partner, you're all playing with me. And it's quite easy because when we plan together that tonight, let's study, for example, headache of medicine. It's easy because you're preparing on eight cases. You started, you go in, your role play life is so nice and it's so easy. You say, I feel I'm going to pass this exam. The problem starts getting worse, closer to your exam because I don't know. You study 150 cases for medicine, you do 50 for psychiatry, you do, I don't know, 674 physical examination, 74 OMG, 70 cases, clusters for pediatrics. Two weeks before your exam, what happens is you will suddenly come across reviewing, I don't know, 300, 400, 500 cases. And this is the point that you break down. This is the point that my experience has showed me that most of you have a mental, mental breakdown and crisis at this point because of a few reasons. The few reasons are the way that you've studied previous to this. You have been studying, let's say, 10 cases a day. 10 cases a day, for example. Now you want to apply that to the same way you were studying in that time. That was nice. It was working. Obviously, if you give me one full day six hours to study 10 cases, I'm going to be fully prepared for that. But you can't see if you want to study that large number of cases with the same speed that you were previously studying, it's never going to work. So the review phase is going to be a faster study. It's not putting your notes in front of you and going like, okay, question one, ask this question too. Also, as sad, mass-smoking alcohol drugs, that is not the purpose of a review phase. So if I want to help you, be prepared for that stage and hopefully you'll thank me later on. Once you get to that stage and once you pass your exam, you need something to help you. And it's all about this very special something. I know that all of you complain of my classes not giving you PDF notes or not giving you, I don't know, slides and stuff like that. I do that on purpose. Unfortunately, I do that on purpose. And part of it was even the experience with myself because when I was studying for the 6th and if I have a new tutor, our class was going to give me a PDF or a slide, I would never pay attention in the class. And I'll leave the class, give it up, sleep in with the thought that I have the slides. Why should I bother? To be honest, at the end of a course I did, I had, I don't know, 500 slides that I never even looked at. So you need a very special something to help you. And yes, your special something is a note. But your note is not the prepared notes of Marvon, Karen, Lysley or those type of notes. Because those notes are not your review notes. You need your own notes. And all of you, hopefully agree with me, that you study the notes that you've written yourself way faster than a note that I've written down for you or anyone else has written for you. So the reality is you have to write your own notes. And that's why one reason that I force you to write notes, although I know all of you don't like me at the beginning, but like me later on. And you'll send me videos of the bunch of paper notes that you've written in my classes. The reason is I can guarantee the only thing that will help you in your review face to get over that stressful period of time that you have so much information to review and get in your mind and refresh them is having your own notes there. And usually in my class, I make it quite clear. While we're doing the notes together, I tell you key points. I tell you, this is the part that I want you to focus on. And this is the structure that I want you to have. So please, please, whatever you're studying today in that very reasonable amount of speed that is very nice because you retain all the information. If it's my class or anyone else's class, you need to prepare a review note out of that. A review note might not be writing everything that you had, for example, in my class or lives, the note. But it is a review note because when you are studying 60 cases a day, each case will be studied in seven, eight minutes, ten minutes. You don't have time to study the entire thing. You have to just focus on the key things. And that's when that becomes a little bit more important. So if you ask me, so, okay, I agree that I want to make some notes. I want to prepare something to help me in this phase. I tell you that that note that you prepare for yourself, that document needs to focus again on what has more value for you. So close to your exam, all of you know how to ask diabetes questions. All of you know how to ask questions for cancers. All of you know sad, Ma. What you don't know and you have to remind yourself key points, differentials, and the basic structures that we've made together. As long as the three points of your triangle are met, you refresh your key points in your head, you refresh your differentials in your head, you have a good structure. My guarantee is you're going to pass any case that you get because I can guarantee no one is going to forget about sad. No one is going to forget how to ask a question for example for diabetes or thyroid problems. But the thing that doesn't come in your mind on time in that eight minutes, under stress is your key points. The thing that doesn't come in your mind because I asked you to do it, but you still didn't emphasize on it was a good list of differentials. So you want to prepare something to help you do that very famous rapid review. And that's why I used to call my medicine workshops rapid reviews because the way that I used to do them and I still do them helps you to review them in a rapid way. But now let's talk about a few common topics that many of you want to ask again, I've already talked about the typical candidates. I'm not going to talk about a boring scenario again, the candidate who grabs the notes starts role playing recourse 12 hours a day. And obviously it doesn't work. We want to talk about role plays. Should I role play yes or no? Look, the reality of role play again is more of an individual decision that you have to make and I am usually not the best person to ask about role plays because when I did my exam, I did the most mineral amount of role play that I could do. So I never had a study partner. I never even considered role plays being important that all of you always ask me so if you didn't do role plays why you so good at structure. I just tell you that I just thought thought and thought about structures thought about time management thought about key points and prepared myself for that I really didn't need to put it into practice because I put so much thought into my structures. But I just want you to avoid being the typical candidate. And let's talk about the little bit typical candidates, so the mouth typical candidate. So the typical candidate hopefully everyone has agreed not to be that is the guy who is role playing 12 hours a day and their studies are role play. So they can't sit down by themselves and study they want to role play with someone and they put their notes they read with each other. I don't know how that works, but apparently works for some people. But who is the mouth typical candidate the mouth typical candidate is the person who start studying well after while starts building a little bit of stress and anxiety because of the exam which is getting closer and closer and at that point you want to believe your stress by finding a study partner doing a role play. So it's the same thing that you want to keep yourself busy. You want to think you're busy and you're studying but deep down inside you know the role play is not doing much for you. What are the problems with role play that you really have to sort these out out of yourself it is a very hard thing to do to find a good partner. The reason that it's hard to find a good partner is you really need someone on your same level. You really need someone on your same level with the same level of commitment with obviously the same schedule of studying. So I really can't match that registrar who works 80 hours a week with that person who's fully free at home, no job, no family, no children and tell them you guys be study partners because obviously they're not going to be on the same level. The free person free candidate has studied more the registrar has studied less and obviously finding time is hard. Finding a good partner is a nightmare and some of you manage to find a good partner that I'm happy for you. Some of you just have bad experience with partners. What happens is you go on Facebook, just go on Facebook tonight, put a post anonymous post and just write down I want to study partner. 50 people reply to you, just go start role playing with them. I'm sure the first one you will, the second one you will, the third one you'll give it up. So finding a good partner can be a hard thing to do but I really don't care about that. Let's say you have found the best partner ever, you have find the best match that you could have ever found. Good, good for you. I'm happy. What I want you to do out of role plays is to set goals for yourself. You are spending time, you are spending precious time. That all of you have a limited amount of time, all of you have a number of weeks left the exam. You are spending time but I want you to use that time for a special purpose. The funny thing is if the knowledge is not there, if the knowledge is not there role playing is useless. I always tell you that you tell me, I want to do a mini trial exam now and I tell you like leave it till the last two weeks before your exam because you do a role play with me today. I have to tell you that you didn't know structure, fix your structure, you didn't know key points. These are the key points, differentials, you didn't know the differentials. So you can see if the knowledge is not fixed first role playing will be useless. So the first step that you have to do is build the knowledge. The knowledge needs to be in your brain to put it into practice and then kind of get exposed to the problems that come in a role play the stress, time management, the fact that you forget things that you know and having your head but it just doesn't come out. So the first step for you is to build knowledge. Please study something and then role play it. Don't just tell yourself like, okay tonight let's start let's start role playing chess pen cases together and we'll grab these notes. We'll put it in front of us. We'll start from case one read and role play as we go. Don't do that. Don't waste time. So you definitely don't want to make it a stupid wastage of time. The thing that you want to do is you want to set goals. So I've repeated this word ten times since I started talking about this. You'll ask me what, okay, okay, goals. So what goals do you want us to do? I studied the chess pen cluster. I tell my partner let's sit in front of each other. We'll spend a limited amount of time on role playing. We'll do a maximum of six cases that takes an hour and a half. We will practice time management tonight. I have studied the chess pen history taking structure. I want to practice staying on a structure on the stress. I want to feel the stress. When I start role playing, I lose 50% of the capacity and function of my brain. I want to practice on remembering key points tonight. Tonight we've done this this cluster and this cluster is full of key points. I want to practice that once I role play the key points to come out early to come out well. So you can see each and every session of your role play needs to be set on certain goals. So this case, we want to focus on time management. I want to get good at that. I want to practice. I've studied chess pen cluster. I want to practice staying on the structure, organize them nice. And what I do recommend that the end is I usually recommend to have more than one partner. I do know that it's more convenient to have one partner and especially part of it comes back to this that finding a good partner is always hard. So you'll be really lucky if you even find one now. I'm asking you to have more than one. The point is that I don't want you to have one partner because one big problem is when two of you study with each other for a long time, you pick up each other's habits. The good habits are good, but the bad habits are bad and unfortunately you usually enforce and encourages each other to do those habits more and more. Because you start doing something and your partner tells you good good, your partner does it. You tell her good, good. And this just gets reinforced over and over again and becomes a habit. This is the reason that study partners either pass both of them or both of them fail. Because if you did manage to pick up good habits, good on you both of you are going to pass. But if you had picked up bad habits, that's the time that more both of you are going to get smashed in the exam. So regarding role plays, although I'm not a fan, it is necessary. So although I'm not a fan, it is still necessary. But to be honest, I will allocate a limited amount of time. I'll say one day per week, max one day per week. Now, what should I study? And where should I study it from? This is a very hard question to answer and we can talk about the reasons, you know, you know, few views. At the end of the day, you need to go towards the recalls. So you need to know the recalls. It's quite clear. And if anyone asks me for any oscary exam in Australia, doesn't matter if you ask me pesky, I am so clinical, fellowship exams of RACGP, I always tell you the first thing that you need to know is you need to know the cases that they're going to ask for you. That's a reality. You have to be familiar with what is the case list. Unfortunately, once you start doing recalls, a few things start happening. The first thing is for those of you who just want to refer to recalls and study the recalls, where are you going to get the recalls, the recalls are in your Facebook group telegram group and someone has done an exam and has written like one sentence, one and a half sentence about case three, case four, case five. And this is what you're going to refer to referring to these incomplete sometimes incorrect recalls instead of helping creates more anxiety. The fact that the stems are recalled to you incompletely doesn't help that much. Once you start looking at those and you know, you don't get a good feed, you don't get a good feedback or a good response out of those recalls, you will step it forward to go to past feedbacks. That the past feedbacks are good, although some of them are not that good, but anyway, with the past feedbacks, it's nicer because now at least you know someone who's passed the exam has done it. But the problem with you guys is that person has written down one line of the stem, the best case scenario is they've written down three four lines of what they did in that station. I will tell you, okay, you you studied that four lines that is part of what that candidate didn't the exam that candidate has performed eight minutes in that exam. I think that eight minutes is this four lines. And you're just telling yourself, I want to study that four lines. I want to memorize it and walk into the exam. That doesn't work. And towards the end, you start feeling that you're a little bit clever. And oh, I've studied this recall. I know the recall. And this is the problem. Okay, so what is the recalls migraine? What is the key points of migraine? Oh, I don't know. What is a good list of differentials for the micro case? I don't know. The past candidate didn't write it down completely there. Yeah. So in some way, I need you to know the recalls. I need you to know the recalls. But the same way that I told you in the previous video, I never asked you to memorize the recalls. What I need you to do is prepare good structures. Look, a good structure will pass you in any recall. You get new or well-known. And I'm sure now you've started thinking, okay, what do you mean by structure? Hopefully in our first session, we're going to talk about structures together. You have to build structures. You have to build understandings about the key areas and key points of cases. And as always, you will hear this from you over and over again. You need to build lists of differentials for recalls. This is the way how you want to prepare for it. Now, the problem is again, so how can I do that with this very incomplete stem that I don't even understand what the guy has written. The guy has written headache, headache, 60-3-year old lady with headache. How should I know where this case goes? And yes, this is one of the problems because it's really hard dealing with these recalls. And although I usually ask you guys to, if you really want to do a recall, please do it properly. But still, this is the common trend of just writing that too, words for each recall. So, will the recalls, that is what you want to do, but by recalls, I don't mean I want you to memorize recalls. I want you to understand and build good structures for the recalls. What I do for you is I tell you that if we do a case together, if we do a cluster together, my guarantee is once you leave my class at least, I can guarantee you don't need to go read anything else or do anything else. Do what we've discussed together, I can guarantee that will be more than enough. And that's what I'm proud of my classes is my class is not one of those classes that you do the class. And then after the class, you just realize you're left with more questions. I'll try to fix each and every question you have, doubt you have and build a good structure that you'll be confident on. The very big question, the $1 million question, should I study the handbook? The answer to this question is yes, yes, yes. It is necessary to study the handbook. So as all of you know, the handbook is a extremely old book. It was written in, I don't know, I'm kind of, again, I'm getting a little bit old and rusty. I'm not sure if it was written in 20, 2008, 2009, 11, it's around 10 or more than 10 years old. So AMC wrote it a long time ago. It is a useless book, again, partly coming from the old nature of the book. Once you read the book, don't expect the book to tell you what to do in oski exam. The book just brings up some cases. In some cases talks about key points. Some cases just talks generally. Some cases doesn't talk much at all. It is kind of a useless book. It is one of the most boring books that you'll read in your life. So every one case that you study, you will be cursing to yourself, why should I study this? And you want to give it up completely, but I ask you please push forward. But you must read it at least once or even twice. The reason being is although it's an old book, although it's not a nice book, blah, blah, blah, they are still using cases from the handbook. And this is a little bit tricky. If you look at AMC, AMC doesn't list the book anymore in their website. That's funny, that's ironic. But just go look at your 2023 records and see the new cases that came out of the handbook for the first time. And most of them are some stupid cases that if you haven't studied them, you're never going to pass them like the breastfeeding council in case that. So very challenging counseling if you really don't know what to say about breastfeeding. So please, I always remind you that I need you to study the handbook once or twice. And as much as it's a boring book, useless book, to be honest, the handbook can be summarized in, I don't know, 10 small pages for yourself. The entire 150 cases can be summarized in 10 pages. The purpose of studying the handbook is never to get a structure, get key points, get a complete layout for each case. It just gives you a view of AMC of how they look at critical errors, how they talk about the points that they want you to mention, how sometimes they tell you that if a candidate mentions a long list of differential without really mentioning the key investigation, you're going to score them down. These are just the views that you have to get out of the book that how are they going to treat you, what are they going to look at in the exam. Although there's a high chance that now they're dealing with the exam in a different way, but it is still nice because the only official thing that we have from AMC is your handbook. Although old, it is the only official piece of document that you have. If you ask me, should I study the handbook, I'll tell you definitely yes. Again, the not so nice joke that I make about this is, can I not study it? I don't have time, I don't want to, it's not nice. The joke is, you wouldn't study it for your first exam. My guarantees, you're going to definitely study it four times for your second exam. Preferably, try to do it in your first exam. We've already talked about the recalls that you really have to make a decision of are you memorizing recalls? If you're really still in that group that you're memorizing recalls, you think you're going to pass those cases with the clever way that you kind of made for yourself, the clever short cut of passing the cases, I'll tell you that is never going to happen. But you have to be a little bit clever. A clever candidate looks at the passing rate and tells themselves that whatever 80% of the people are doing to prepare for this exam, it is no working. So maybe I'm not going to do that instead. I'm going to understand the expectations the examiner has in a case that will decide the pass or fail me. I'm going to build good structures because Australian trained doctors and Australian health. I'm not going to say AMC, but the health environment wants you to be structured and I'll walk in my exam prepared, not prepared by just memorizing a number of recalls. Getting to courses, I know all of the things that people tell you and the problem usually starts with people who pass the exam and it's funny. Sometimes it's funny because usually people who have done less courses or haven't done courses, they are usually too proud of themselves. And they should be obviously I did a course when I did my exam, I'll tell you the truth for my fellowship exam, I did a few courses, but I passed on my first goal and I don't care if I did 10 courses. That is one of the realities that I've come down to in Australia, but anyway, there are a special few people and the funny thing is the ratio of those people that won in every 500 of you will pass this exam without studying well. That one person is the lucky guy. Unfortunately, I was never the lucky guy, but I do have a friend that is exactly that person. The lucky guy comes on the Facebook groups, telegram groups and again, they're usually a little bit too proud of themselves and they are usually a little bit vocal about it. They start boasting that guys, I didn't do the handbook, I didn't do more than three months of recalls, I did two differentials, I did this, I did that and I passed the exam, follow my lead. Screw people who tell you to study the handbook, screw squats, structure, screw key points, just go to the differentials, you're going to pass this exam. That's not going to happen guys and I didn't do any course at all. It's funny, the funny thing is many of them have done courses, but then suddenly they turn into like we haven't done any course, that is okay. I will accept that they haven't done any courses, but to be honest, at this point I usually tell you that doing a course or not doing a course is a personal decision. And I will again use the example of myself way back six years ago. When I did a course, we were a batch of people who were doing the exam and I was the first people walking into the exams of October 2017. I had two of my batch mates arranged a session with a private tutor we had then and she was supposed to review physical examinations for us. I don't know how much she was charging back then, it was like $200 per person for a few hours and stuff. So two of my friends opted for that and went for it when they told me okay, come to us, start thinking like, you know, I can do much better things with $200. And I didn't go for it. So funny thing was like I got a retest out of my exam and those two people passed. And the funny thing was I was hesitating to pay $200 to get better prepared, but I had to pay another $2000 for a retest. And that was one of the things that stayed with me and that was way early when I had returned to Australia and I told myself like okay, if I want to do any other exam in Australia, I promise myself I'm going to do each and every course available because although I'm paying for the course, I'm paying the courses to help me do these exams, a less number of times. So instead of studying these exam and doing it twice or three times that'll take six or nine months of my life will emotionally impact me will financially impact me will ruin my life and I have to sacrifice a lot of things. I'm happy to pay everything to just do this exam once. If there's something that I can pay to even teach me one case that one case might be the case that tends by nine into a ten and passes. So courses are a personal decision and my experiences, you know, I've had a fast different type of experience. Some of you do one course and pass some of you do a lot of courses with me and pass some of you do course with other people and pass some of you don't do any courses and pass. It's really a personal decision and what your expectation is what you want to do, what are your goals, but I always tell you that again, my experiences back then I would have been worrying about $200. But later on when I started working, I would have made $200 in a few hours of working either as a medical officer or a GP passing that exam would have helped me get into the system six months earlier and that would have significantly changed my pathway. My pathway, my life and so on. But anyway, with courses, it is a personal decision, but at least try to get some help. If you feel lost, you don't know what you're doing, get some help from someone who knows what they're doing. That doesn't necessarily need to be me. You can do the good thing about AMC clinical now is you do have so many tutors courses institutions out there that do different things. Choose one that suits you. You might tell me, Amir, I don't like you doing workshops, clusters. I want to go and do a 12 week course, go and do that. Whatever you have to pay is worth it. Go and do that. But just do your research to something that suits you. I can guarantee a course will still help you even. Even a bad course will help maybe not that much, but still help you. Okay, so let's summarize our study plan together guys. You need a plan when this video stops. I need you to grab a cup of tea or coffee. Sit down with yourself, put a piece of paper in front of yourself, write it down on a piece of paper. You have to have a plan on paper because if you just want to go like, okay, first week of till 10th of December, I'll do medicine and then I'll see what happens. I can guarantee you 10th of December will come. You've studied less than half and then you're going to tell yourself, okay, maybe another extra week of medicine. Then you push it forward. You again, don't finish it. Push it forward. And that's when your plan crumbles. Make a plan, write it on paper. You are going to give a set amount of time to each topic based on the value of that topic. If anything happens, for example, in January, something happens. You're, I don't know, hospital explodes and you have to work more. You don't get time to study. Instead of two weeks on pediatrics, you get one week. You just choose to study the more common cases. Study the cough class that you always have cough cases. Study the headache class there. Study the study of vomiting and diarrhea class that these are common cases. Please be clever in your preparation. Hopefully by the end of this first workshop we do for those of you who are working with me for the first time, you realize what I mean by being clever in your preparation, being clever in approaching a case. And I will give you a heads up, expect your review face to be one of the hardest, most stressful times, time of your life. I can guarantee it. All of you will have a mini, handy, catac mental breakdown in your review face. Because it never goes as planned. Never goes as planned. Because you studied medicine in three weeks before. Now you have to review the entire medicine in two, three days. You started physical examination for a number of weeks and been practicing. Now you have to review the entire thing in two, three days. And that is an extremely challenging thing you do have to do. So please prepare for this review face because you do know the way that medicine works and the way that our exams work really doesn't matter what you've done before and how much you've studied. It all comes down to that refresher in the review face. And I always tell you like in reality, if you want to compare the effect of that review face with the previous three months of study, I'll tell you 70% of what you'll remember in your exam date is the things that you reviewed. 30% are from that three months, but the problem is these are a little bit deep down in your brain and pulling them out on the stresses very hard. So that is the thing that I want you to remember. And the reality is that I tell this to everyone, usually don't understand it until you come down to study for this exam a little bit longer. Even if I give you 10 years to study full year full time for this exam, I can guarantee I'll see you in 20, 33. And you'll tell me, Amir, I'm not still prepared. I'm not 100% prepared. So understand there is no 100% preparation for this exam. There is no studying everything. There will always be a new case. There will always be a new record. There's always something that you don't get time to study. So just make that clear to yourself so you wouldn't have to panic if in case you haven't studied 100% of the material and topics. And today is difficult. Tomorrow is going to be much more difficult. You'll have to study harder and harder. Most of the people die tomorrow evening because they don't want to go through that difficulty. They don't want to push themselves to the extreme. But I can assure you that the day after tomorrow is beautiful. That day is not going to come before breaking. I always tell you that day is not going to come before crying, bleeding, sacrificing a lot of things. But it'll come. It really doesn't matter if it comes after your first exam, second exam, third exam, or even whatever number of exams you need to do. I need you to be strong. I need you not to give up. I need you to understand this exam is going to change you as a person, not only a doctor. The person that you're going to be after this exam is going to be different to the personality that you've had before it. And don't ask me go, we'll get all the people who pass this exam after first second or third go. But the thing is, it is a difficult track. And no one told you it's going to be easy. If anyone has told you this is going to be easy to you, please doubt that statement. I can assure you it's not going to be a easy process. Expect the difficulty. Embrace it. Feel it. I want to understand that you want to improve from the current state. Some of you are good. Some of you are the best. But I still want you to be better. I want you to be better, better. Do your best. So this is something that might be a little bit early to tell you guys, but it's really nice for me when you pass the exam and you tell me that you know, a week before my exam, I came to you and I told you I'm here. I've got this problem. I had a medical condition for three weeks, the last three weeks, it's just close to my exam. I didn't get time to review. This has happened. That has happened. Family problems work. This is happening. And I've tried, but I'm hopeless. I always tell you that you want to walk into this exam. I don't want you to pass this exam. I want you to just go there and do your best. Do your best and stop worrying about the result. The stress and anxiety that you guys build around the topic of result that is understandable. I know all of you want to pay everyone wants to pass. Yeah. If you don't want to pass this exam, you feel like you'd rather prefer not passing it. Obviously you have to do mental health check for yourself. But the thing is everyone wants to pass, but that anxiety that you start building around the topic of what if I fail, what if I don't pass this exam will impact your preparation, will impact your performance in the exam. So I tell you, stop thinking about the result. I don't care what will happen to your result. Try to do your best. If your best is enough to pass, we're going to part it together. You're going to send me a coffee or a party from far away. But even if it's not enough to pass, we're going to be better next time. We're going to be better and better until we pass this exam. So please remember this, we are here to fight. We are here to be better. If you're doing this with me, it's not a shortcut, but it's a safe way, the safe way. I wouldn't say it's the best way, but it's a good way, safe way. Trust me. I've been doing this for a long time. You haven't most likely heard about me through advertisements. You've heard about me from people who are passing that to tell you like, listen to him at least consider the things that he has to say, even if you don't want to follow what I had, what I told you in the last few videos, at least consider them and please think about it. Hopefully out of these few hours of video, I've been able to change your view towards this exam. I've been able to change the way that you were preparing before listening to these videos. And that was the reason that I decided to call this a strategic preparation. You need a strategy, you need a plan, you need an understanding of what you're dealing with. You can't prepare for something that you don't know about. You can't prepare for something that you don't know what they want from you. The first thing is you have to understand, okay, what does the other party want from me? What is going to happen in that scenario of the exam day? And then I can prepare for that. I know what they want from me. I know what's going to happen. Let's prepare for this. Hopefully I've been able to help. I'll be really happy to hear your feedback about the previous few videos to help me get better. I know when I tell you guys that if you don't pass the exam, I want you to be better next time. Usually that doesn't sit well with you guys and some of you get upset of me saying this from you to you. But I always tell you that I myself have always tried to improve myself the way I teach my structures, my cases, each and every time you do what case you might notice, I do it a little bit differently because I also believe I have to improve myself too. So if you like to give me feedback about the last few videos that you've listened to, good old bad. I'll be very happy. It can text me on telegram, email me and hopefully I'll see you in the live sessions. Thank you.