misrun and what is the thinking process behind these cases that they designed for you. I think it's one of the first things that I'll understand about the exam before I proceed to cases, look at the scoring system and look at the outcome of the exam. Now let's go step by step together. AMC in their specification handbook day mentioned that this exam is at the level of an intern year of Australian local graduate, although I don't totally agree with that. To be honest, I don't totally disagree with that. The cases that they use are cases that they use at their intern level. Maybe the only difference is like the scoring system that they use is not the scoring system that they use at the intern level. Because obviously at the intern level, I might be a little bit more flexible in the scoring, but AMC obviously has a high threshold and standard in the scoring system. But it is an osuke exam. We'll talk about osuke exam later on about what is the concept and everything, but they do mention this word a few times that will kind of dissect it and talk about it a little bit more in the scoring system video to the satisfaction of the examinus. So your performance will be always judged by your examinus to pass off a illustration and apparently your threshold to silver alarm for you to pass is the satisfaction of your examiner. We'll give them a mark sheet. We'll make it objective, but it is at the level of satisfaction of your examinus, but even in their 2025 session that AMC run for providers, they still do agree that the exam is at an intern year level. That anyway, they are the people doing the exam and we can really argue about that. You already know that in the face to face exam, we'll have 16 stations. So your overall exam will be 20 stations. When you walk into your exam hallway, you also have 20 rooms out of those 20 rooms, you'll have four rest stations. We'll talk about them later. I'll talk about the exact thing about what is going to happen on the exam day and you will be performing 16 stations or 16 cases with your role players and your examinus. Each of your stations will be at 10 minute duration in total. That 10 minute duration will be divided into eight minute performance. By the time you step foot into that room, the clock starts running, you'll have eight minutes and you'll have two minutes to read the stem outside. So that's essentially when the exam starts, they give you two minutes to read your stem outside, walk in, you have eight minutes to perform, you hear the bell, your two minutes are already started for the next station and you have to run out. But understanding the blueprint, we have already talked about our topics and how do we kind of divide them? We'll talk about them later on in your study planning too. Overall out of your 16 stations, if I want to divide it into five areas, we'll divide it into physical examination. You have medicine and surgery, so I'll put medicine surgery together. I see them as one topic because they do overlap and you really can't cut a line between surgery and medicine cases at times. You'll have pediatric cases, you'll have obstetric and gynecology and you'll have your psychiatry mental health cases. Overall out of your 16 stations, you have to understand half to more than half of your exam is going to be physical examination or medicine. I've kind of analyzed the number of cases on average that have happened in 2025 in the study planning video that will go into detail. But you do expect out eight of 16 stations in 2019 the average has been nine. So eight to nine stations out of your 16 stations is going to be a mixture of physical examination and medicine. So these might be the two important areas that you want to kind of focus on. And the rest of your eight or seven cases that are remaining will be kind of divided on pediatrics, obstetric, gynecology and psychiatry. It's been a couple of years that AMC doesn't stick to system numbers. Back in my day, for example, when I did the exam in 2017, it was a little bit better than today because we would always get two cases of psychiatry, three cases of ONG, three cases of pediatrics and we usually would get like four and four for physical exam, four medicine with the occasional change of five and three, or sorry, five of medicine and three of physical examination. So that meant like at least half of exam eight stations used to be medicine and physical examination and then we'll have set numbers. We always would get three pediatrics, three ONG and two psychiatry. Occasionally, maybe we'll have one drop off ONG and add it to physical examination. That'll happen very occasionally. But if you look at the exam since 2019, AMC stopped sticking to a set number. And at this point, I think it's just good to look at 2025 in 2025. We've had exams that you've had suddenly three psychiatry cases that to be honest, it's a lot for psychiatry. We had one or two exams that you had five physical examinations on one day instead of that regular free. And you have had exams that you had one ONG case, you've had exams that you had only one pediatric case that were interesting days. So unfortunately, they don't stick to set numbers anymore. It's really hard to tell you like you'll always get two psychiatry, you'll always get three or pediatrics, three ONG. But the thing that we can guarantee and it has happened in all of the exams is 50% at least 50% of your exam has been from the two topics of medicine and physical examination. And we'll talk about this a little bit more in the study planning video because this needs to resonate in your study planning and the amount of time that you place on each topic. What we want to talk about in this video more is the type of cases that you get in each of these topics. Overall, AMC kind of brings up this topic of the predominant assessment area. The predominant assessment area does affect the way that they design a case. So in the design of the case, they do take that into consideration. So when I want to design a chlamydia case, I ask myself, am I doing a history taking examination, dog, no sick formulation or management and counseling case, then I'll design my case and set my tasks for that. But it does also become important in your scoring. So once we get to the scoring system video that I talk about the scoring system, how it works and what is the situation around that. We do come back to the concept of predominant assessment area. AMC divides the exams into three predominant assessment areas. These are type of cases that they design. So the first one that they do is history taking cases. They're going to look at the structure of them in a second. You do have physical examinations, kind of obvious in the face to face exam. You do have cases of diagnostic formulation and the fourth type of a case that they'll design for you is management, counseling and education. That will just call the counseling cases. In a way, in your counseling cases, you have to make a management plan. You have to educate your patient. So management, counseling, education, overall, counseling cases. So we are talking about four distinct type of cases that these four type of cases will come in any topic. So for example, you might get one pediatric counseling case. You might get one pediatric predominant assessment area of history taking. You might get one pediatric of a diagnostic formulation. The same will happen for medicine. You'll get one, for example, counseling case of migraine. You'll get a history taking case of headache for migraine, or you might get the diagnostic formulation case of migraine. But we want to talk about each and every one of these and just have a chat about how each one looks like. So type number one, the one that you're predominant assessment area is history taking. In terms of your predominant assessment area being history taking, this is the type of the tasks that you get. So you can identify them very easily based on your tasks. These are the cases that they give you six to seven minutes of history taking. So that means out of your eight minutes total time that you have in that station, you have six and yes, you have had that right. Nowadays we do get cases of seven minutes of history taking. And the remaining of your time will be just to explain the diagnosis and your differentials. The important thing in this one is the main area that they're assessing is your history taking. The way that you do history taking, the logical sequence, the structure, the way that you list your questions, the way that you kind of follow up and probe a positive answer or area of concern for you. The fact that you have to rule out red flags and at the end of the day, the fact that a good history taking always needs a good list of differentials. So there will be different things that I will be assessing whenever I have a predominant assessment area of history taking. But essentially, this is the main area that I'll look at for scoring you. And this is why the case has been designed to assess your history taking skills. Again, our major time, our major part of that time is going to be used on history taking. The remainder of your one and two minutes depending on how much time you get on your prompt time will be allocated to your second task is just as a diagnosis and differentials. Now, if we want to look at AMC recently kind of put out a kind of a PDF file for you guys explaining each of their domains and stuff, this is in the scoring system. But again, it's interesting to look at what there is this in the history. They said that you have to identify key symptoms just to give you an initial idea before we do our first class together and I kind of tell you what each one of these means. Key symptoms means key points. So you need to identify the key questions, key symptoms, key points of a case that you have to rule out. And then you have to integrate initial history to inform subsequent inquiry. So usually that's an opening statement that gives you a little bit more information about your complaint that kind of helps you form a sequence in your history taking. In terms of diagnosis and differentials, this is how they look at it. So the unity integrates your findings of history. If you have examination finding, if you have relevant investigations to make a diagnosis, you need a sufficiently complete list that includes the unlikely but important diagnosis, which means that please don't tell me, is that a likely diagnosis? Obviously, it's unlikely, but it is an important differential that you had to mention. And you have to show us clinical reasoning. Clinical reasoning is the reason that it's been a couple of years that started from the online exam. AMC is now telling you that, please tell us diagnosis with reasons. The reason that they brought that up is they knew that you memorized recalls. You don't ask key points. You just have memorized the cases, migraine. The person who's memorized the recall cannot be reasons of why they've made the diagnosis. They just know it because they've memorized the recall. So they did start assessing your clinical reasoning of why you've come to the conclusion of this diagnosis. Now let's go to the second type. This is the big problem. So I'll say this is the major area for the face-to-face exam. And it was a little bit hard to run these kind of cases in the online exam and they became a little bit too easy, but in the face-to-face exam, they do have a challenge. In terms of a case of diagnostic formulation, you still have a task of history taking. So task number one, take a history. We'll talk about the time allocation in a second. Task number two, we're going to call it a P-P, but a P-P stands for ask physical examination. From your examiner. And maybe the keyword over here is ask physical examination from your examiner. And your first task is explain your diagnosis and your differentials to the patient. So it is kind of similar to the history taking. The only thing is now you do have a component of physical examination. Essentially, you are formulating a diagnosis by mixing the history taking findings that you've found with the physical examination findings to tell me this is my diagnosis. So this is the concept behind it. This is how it's working. So we're going to give you physical examination findings. You've already taken history for me and then tell me what the diagnosis is. But talking about this, let's just clarify this before we go any further. I'll divide diagnostic form lessons into two groups. I'll say 90% of your cases in the face-to-face exam or group A. Group A is the same one that we kind of talked about. You have a four minute history taking time. We want you to ask physical examination from examiner and then tell us diagnosis and differentials. 10% of your cases are going to be group B. And group B to be honest, it's easy. It is very similar to the format that you would have gotten in the online exam. But this is how it works. That we want you to take a history for six minutes now. We are going to provide physical examination on a card to you. So we have a paper. The examiner has that. That six minutes the paper will be handed to you. You grab it from the examiner. You look at it. You have all your physical examination possibly investigation findings on that card. And then you have to proceed to your diagnosis and differentials. Looking at the structure of this one, to be honest, it really doesn't make much of a difference to our first type of a case. That you add a history for six minutes like notes and differentials. The way that I'll prepare for group B is very similar to the group A that the predominant assessment area was history taking because my timing for the history is still the same. The only thing is this might be a little bit easier because they're going to give me physical examination findings too. That will just support my diagnosis. Make it a little bit easier to make a exact accurate diagnosis. But the way that I'm going to approach the case is going to be the same although your predominant assessment area is slightly different. We come to the problem of these cases. So I'll say group A is the major type of a case that you fail in the face-to-face exam. So if you, if anyone asked me this question that most of you usually don't even think about it in this way, he asked me which one of these groups are challenging to pass. First of all, I'll say all four groups are challenging, but I'll say the diagnostic formulations are one of the most challenging components of the face-to-face exam. Now why are they challenging? We just want to talk about the problems. The first problem is my history happens in a way shorter time. Now it's four minutes only. So the standard structure of a group A type of a case is four minutes history taking. We are going to give you a prompt time. We'll talk about a prompt time later on about when we talk about the exam day. That is a mini-bell inside the station. You hear it at four minutes. The examiner tells you okay, you're done with your time for task number one, proceed to task number two. You know, you have four minutes for task number two and three. They're not going to give you any other prompt times. The remaining time divided yourself under two remaining tasks. First problem, shorter history taking. It becomes a little bit challenging. Four minutes history taking is a very, I'll say medium amount of time to do history taking. So you have to be a little bit clever about which questions you ask to choose first. Getting to the Pee-Fee, we usually face a lot of problem on this and I do see a lot of people unfortunately don't have a good idea about this component. One of the reasons is it's been a year that we've been doing face-to-face exams in 2025, but as all of you know, AMC was not doing the face-to-face exam for two years in 2024 and 2023, from me 2023. Many of the people who passed the online exam obviously are now your trainers, tutors, you know, in many courses that didn't have a good idea about this Pee-Fee and that's when things became a little bit challenging because obviously they weren't giving good advice that works in the exam. To dissect this Pee-Fee task a little bit, maybe the best thing that I can look at is looking at AMC has provided one mark sheet for us. Only one mark sheet on one case, that is a shortness of breath case, that is the only formal mark sheet that we have from AMC site. AMC clinical handbook is very old, so I wouldn't say that's very useful at this point, but let's read how they kind of instruct the examiners. They tell the examiners that the candidate must ask each specific component of the examination. So if we just read the words together, each specific component of the examination. If I want to tell you in simple words what this means is, you go in the exam, examiner, I want to do a, I want to respiratory examination findings. The examiner tells you what would you like to know and what would you like to know. This is a very repeated statement in your exam. The examiners are instructed that if they do not ask you specific questions, the questions are general or they're not specific, just reply to them, what would you like to know? At this point you push them back over here, tell me specifically which specific component do you want. So at this point you tell the examiner, I want to inspect the chest. Tell me inspection findings, the examiner repeats what would you like to know. The reason that the examiner replies to you, what would you like to know is the second part of this findings should not be provided where they are not specifically requested. So an inspection, you can do a lot of things, you can look for, I don't know, chestwater formities, you can look for chest wall movements, you can look for different things, what are you looking for? When you ask me, okay, I want to do pall patient on the chest, what pall patient are you doing? Are you pall paid in the track here? Are you pall paying for repentant? Then is are you pall paying for chest expansion? What are you doing? And I will not provide findings to you unless they are specifically asked. Now if you want to just get an idea about how specific AMC is, look at the findings that they've written down for the examiner, the track here. The apex speed is in the normal space, no parasternal heath. Pulmonary second sound is not increased. So you did ask about S1 and S2, but they even went into the depth of P2 is not loud for pulmonary embolism. JVP is not increased. On the long normal findings on inspection, pall patient, perikotion, or scultation, which essentially means you have asked each and every component of inspection of the respiratory system, pall patient of the respiratory system, perikotion, or scultation, and so on. On the extremities, on the lower limb, there's no edema, there's no cough, then there's o-perifropulsive opus, if they ask you actual measurements indicate that they are the same, and there is no size difference. So maybe if I want to kind of summarize the two key words in this, is you have to be very specific in your question. Now we're all okay with being specific, because at the end of the day we'll study specific steps of physical examination, and you'll have to study it for the exam, because you're going to perform physical examination in the PE stations. We'll get to that. We'll talk about that. The only trouble that this kind of brings on is time management, time efficiency, because if I want to sit somewhere, you're saying that in a shortness of breath case, I have to sit down till the exam, no respiratory system, inspection, I'm looking for this. Yes or no, this, yes or no, this, yes or no, yes. But that's going to take a lot of time, I know. But unfortunately, that's what you have to do. This is the design of the exam, and this is what you have to do. So if I come back over here, first problem was history taking was shorter than the six minute, lovely time to take a history. Now you have a task, this P-feet task, it's interesting for me, some people walk in the exam out of the four minutes time that they have for the two tasks, they stay on the P-feet for three minutes, three and a half minutes, obviously when they go to diagnosis, they run out of time and they never pass the case. If you ask me what is a regular safe allocation of time, I'll say like I'll give two minutes to P-fe, two minutes to diagnose and differentials. And essentially, this is the problem that you have to practice on being very specific. Being specific is hard, not that you don't know how to ask it. You usually get a little bit confused about choosing the correct system to be specific and what you have to ask specifically because you can ask anything you like specifically, but you have to be a little bit clever to choose the key things that are very specific for you and you need exact answers on. When you get to time efficiency, you have to do that in two minutes. Now two minutes is more of a conversation because you're talking to your examiner. Many of you asked me at this point, can I just read out a list quickly, fast and just tell the examiner on breast peer literacy system, on inspection, population, percussion or scotation? The examiner will tell you stop. Let's go one by one. What did you want? Inspection? What do you want? No? Yes, no. Perocation, examiner, when I said such as expansion, just expansion is symmetrical. Percussion, I want to see if I have dullness or hyper resonance. It's normal. On our scotation, our air and tree cool. Yes, it is equal and present. Any added sounds? There's no added sounds. This conversation back and forth that you go with your examiner needs a good planning to make it time efficient and to be able to do it in two minutes. Many of you guys get a little bit surprised over here because when you practice with your study partner, obviously she's giving you findings very fast. When you go in the exam, you get a 75-year-old professor that obviously he's cognition and brain function is not as fast as yours and is not able to reply to all your questions too fast. And before we move on, the third component is, most of you guys will run out of time for this component of the case of group A, differentials because out of that P fee time, you don't have a timer, you lose time, you go a little bit beyond two minutes, you go for two minutes, 45 seconds. Obviously the diagnosis will eat a good 50, 40, 50 seconds because you need to reason and explain it and everything. When you get to differentials, you say one or two differentials and you run out of time. To me, this structure of the case is the hardest. Unfortunately for you guys, this is the most common version of a case that you get in the exam. Pediatrics has these cases, medicine has these cases, OMG has these cases. So you have to be a little bit clever in terms of first of all time management, secondly, understanding to be able to choose your important things, your key points, understand specific key areas of examination and to be able to wrap it up in efficient time management. Now let's go to our third group. Third group is the management counseling and education. We decided just to call it counseling stations. Our counseling station can essentially come out in any topic. You can be a medicine counseling, can be a surgical counseling, case can be pediatric counseling, for example, immunization counseling, can be obstetric counseling, pleasant or previous counseling and you can't even be psychiatric counseling. This is the area that you have to understand all of your counseling cases have a massive stem. By a massive stem, I mean usually you get two to three pages of stem. And if you hear anyone kind of complaining that I walked into the exam, oh my god, the stems were so long I couldn't read it in that two minute reading time, they're mainly talking about these stations. Now you have to understand why these cases do have a long stem. The reason are you have to understand the task. This is your task. We gave you that big stem. Your task is counsel of the patient regarding the condition. In other way, you're just telling the patient the diagnosis, explain your diagnosis to the patient with the remainder of your time. Please explain your management plan counsel regarding the management plan address any concerns that the patient has. Now why do you get a massive stem because I need to give you a stem long enough for you to get a confirmation on your diagnosis and move on to your management. Let's do an example together. So I need to give you a stem that confirms you have a COPD because I don't want you to come and tell me in the counseling case that I need to investigate the rule that ask my line cancer and stuff like that. I don't want to hear that. I want to hear the counseling of COPD. For that purpose, I'll have to give you a long stem of history. You have a six-year-old man who came to you with shortness of breath, which is getting worse for six months. Initially, he was able to work 200, walk 200 meters. Now he's able to walk 100 meters and he gets short of breath. He doesn't have any chest tightness, but he has occasional wheezing. Here's a chronic smoker smoking for 30 years, smokes one pack a day. This, that is general health. He doesn't drink alcohol blah blah blah. We've done physical examination on him on physical examination. We found he has some hyperinflation. He has some some hyper resonance on percussion. He's cardiovascular examination is normal blah blah blah. We've already done an x-ray or a spirometry here. Here is your finding of the spirometry that you can see. There's an obstructive pattern with this and that or the chest thresholds. You are hyperinflated lung. And now that big stem of two to three pages, explain your diagnosis to your patient. I've made it very clear cut for you that you have a case of COPD and explain your management plan only for COPD. I know everyone gets a little bit upset initially that, oh my god, two three pages, how am I supposed to read it in two minutes and think into minutes? Out of that two three pages, guys, to be honest, if you ask me to summarize the key words and the key points, only two or three lines of it is important. The rest of them is unnecessary extra information. You have to be clever enough to have that mental preparation to quickly read through it, skin through the text, pick up your key points, understand what you're dealing with, and move on with your station. That will hopefully practice this later on on your counseling and education cases. In terms of counseling, if you ask me what is the difficulty of passing counseling stations, is the fact that you have to be very specific in your management. Unfortunate for IMGs, I don't know someone came out a day, I don't know who the guy was, who told people that if you want to pass counseling case, just go in and say that I'll refer to my senior, I'll refer to the specialist and they'll pass you. Obviously, we walked into the exam, we didn't pass and at that point, I came out, I made a joke that any doctor who doesn't know what the management of a condition is will refer to the specialist. So if I give you a complex case of diabetes on free medication with HBA, I won't see every 11 and ask you, what do you do? You don't know what to do. You don't know what to do specifically. You tell me I'll refer to the specialist, that's the only thing that you can do. But in counseling cases, you have to be very specific, that does need very extreme detailed specific of manage, specific knowledge of management and Australian guidelines. That is a challenge in this topic. But if you want to look at how AMC looks at it, again, we are assessing your management plan, skills and your patient counseling. So one of the big things is everyone forgets that we are doing a patient centered approach, not just talking about, I want you to do this. It's always about patients centered approach, giving the patient the options, letting the patient choose responding to the patient preferences. No, I don't want to do a surgery on this melanoma anymore. What are my options? You have to tell me the options. In terms of your counseling and education, again, you have to be able to effectively communicate that, that there are these options, you have to be clear to explain to the patient in a layman temple, them to understand, you have to be able to tell them the pros and cons. And as always, the component that you forget, you're doing a patient centered approach. So what affects your patients centered approach is the patient's concerns, that you have to address them, you have to answer their questions, you have to obtain concern when you need it. And we'll go on. But we'll hopefully talk about this component a little bit more later on in our counseling workshop. Now let's get to category number four, your physical examination stations of the face-to-face it is a critical component of you passing the exam because it has a component that no other type of a case has and that is performance. So now history taking, you're sitting on your chair asking questions, on your counseling, you're sitting on your chair talking, on your physical examination, from examin, you're sitting on your chair asking questions from the examiner, when you get to physical examination, now do an abdominal examination. Now don't talk about it, don't explain it, do it. We look at how you do it and this doing becomes a little bit of problem that in physical examination, the challenge is you have, you need knowledge, the knowledge of your steps, the knowledge of your sequence, the knowledge of your findings, how you do it accurately, and then you need practice on performance. Performance will bring up a lot of problems, time management, accuracy of examination, again not getting lost in it, your patients comfort and so on. Physical examination has always been a critical aspect of the face to face exam, one of the hard aspects that does need practice and does need good knowledge so essentially has two components that you have to kind of prepare for the exam. And if I want to jump into this usually on physical examination, they assess two areas for you. So they have the choice technique of examination organization, a sequence, we will hopefully talk about this later on in our face to face physical examination workshop. You have to consider the patient comfort, safety, modesty, you have to have a logical and efficient sequencing of actions, you have to matching the level of specific findings that you need to the clinical context. This is one of the usual problems that you have to really apply the context of the case, for example, for a spiritual examination, we have three different cases that we do three different structures because one is a traumatic case, we do it in another way, the other one is for example, a chronic shortness of breath case, we do it in another way, totally different structure findings that we do. In terms of accuracy of examination in the physical examinations, again, being foro, being precise, being accurate, being able to identify the findings that they have left for you in the physical examination and be able to report and document those findings. But again, is usually a topic that we want to talk about later on in our physical examination workshop. And the last thing in the PE stations is they kind of started doing this just a couple of years ago, so it's quite recent, familiarity with test equipment. So in the cases that they gave you autoscopes, they gave you autoscopes, they gave you a urine dipstick to perform, these are the cases that they started scoring you for correct handling, operation and maintenance of equipment, just the actual reason to kind of fail you for the person who wasn't able to turn on the autoscope. Now we've talked about the blueprints, so this was important for me because understanding these four type of cases in terms of the predominant assessment area will be the basic understanding that I'll need from you guys when we talk about the scoring system. So you will see that the predominant assessment area becomes a little bit critical and significant when I'm scoring you because I'll be looking at specific tasks, we'll talk about it in the scoring system. And the second thing is you have to understand that these are the different versions of the cases that we will kind of present themselves into you in the exam. So essentially take a three for six minutes diagnosis and differentials, you look at the stem and the task you know it's a history taking predominant assessment area. So in this case, if you ask me, what will pass me a good logical structure, lovely history taking with the key points, with the red flags and has rolled out a good list of differentials. You get the diagnostic formulation, what will pass me in this one being clever not to run out of time, being clever to choose your most appropriate, most reasonable, most important things that you want to do in that short, four minute time, being very clever on how you want to do your pp in that short amount of time, being very clever to finish off your list of differentials before you run out of time. When you get to the management and the counseling, so you ask me, what is important in this predominant assessment area, being specific in terms of the management options you provide you cannot hide behind words, I will not pass you. Number two, understanding that a counseling case, this is the point that the patient will always have a concern, we'll have a hidden agenda, you need to have our lovely, lovely patient center approach. One of the biggest, most common talks that we have about IMG performances in all SK exams is these guys don't know what a patient center approach is. And to be honest, I didn't know it before I came to Australia too, because back at home we do a doctor center approach, I'm the doctor, I say do this, shut up and get out of my room, although you have to understand maybe an Australia to do it a little bit better because the patient is at the center of the management, if he doesn't want to do something, even if he yell at him, he's not going to do it, he'll just leave your room and not do it. So you preferably want to work with your patients concerns, preferences and so on. And getting to physical examination, obviously what do I need to pass physical examination? A lot of factors come in play time management, accurate examination, being able to perform, understanding your examination, what is important for you having a good structure sequence, and so on. Maybe the last thing that I want to do in the blueprint before we get to our next videos is talking about this one. This is interesting, this was kind of in AMC's, I think 2018 or 2017 annual report. So AMC usually puts out these annual reports that kind of talks about their passing rate, the things that they've done for different assessments and different areas of their function. Around 2017 or 2016, so apparently they have, they kind of did that trial examination on September 2016, and the purpose of that trial exam was to fast track cases into two pools that they want to use. Anyway, I want to talk about this group. The day started, trial, this a while ago, and now it has come to fruition and they're doing these cases a lot. We can call them the tech scenarios. What is a tech scenario? The cases are telehealth. It's always interesting for me because AMC started doing telemedicine or telehealth before COVID. After COVID, we all kind of got pushed into doing telephone appointments and telehealth, that half its own challenges, but AMC was thinking about this before COVID, that is always interesting for me. Nowadays you have a lot of telephone cases that you go into a room. There's a telephone, you pick it up, there's someone on the other side of the line and you have to talk to them, take it, it's re-explanatory, diagnose, and differential. This happens in your phantomology cases, happens in pediatric cases, happen in GI cases, happen in a number of cases. Your video cases, that they are getting more and more common nowadays. I'll say the most common type of video that they're currently doing is the side cases. This is where they kind of mentioned the mental health cases, which involve a video to be played on an internal monitoring assessment station, with no simulated patient involvement. That will show you a video asking you to do a mental state examination. I'll show you a video now that I ask you to tell us diagnosed and differential sounds, for example, what further investigation you want to do. I want to just bring up this point that about the type of cases that you get. Nowadays, I'll say 99% of your cases, you will have a role player in the room. You will have a role player in the room, that is very obvious. Out of that one person, you have to understand these one person or the other strange cases. Just to give your context of the strange cases, what are strange cases. Strange cases are the cases that you go in. There's no one inside rather than a phone. This happens in your hand over, ease bar case, happens in your telehealth consultations that you do for the orb to sell lives and other cases. There are some stations that you go in and there's only a examiner there. That, for example, this mental state examination case, when you go in, there's only a examiner and a monitor. You look at the monitor, look at the video and talk to the examiner. The medication chart case. You go in, there's an examiner there. There's a medication chart. They've asked you to chart whatever medication. You're in dipsy case. You just have to be a little bit familiar with these rare cases because I've realized people who don't have that mental preparation that they're going to get these kind of cases. They usually get a kind of heart attack when they walk in the room and there's no one there and they go like, who should I talk to? Go pick up that telephone and there'll be someone dead. Talk to you. So, essentially, we've talked about the blueprint as our first step of the building blocks of the exam about the type of the cases that they give you. So, if I want to just summarize before I close these videos, your cases will be in different topics. That's a different story. We'll be different styles of predominant assessment areas. And if we want to just talk about this now because it's happening more and more, most of your cases, you'll have two people inside the room. That is your role player and your examiner. There is a small number of topics that can give you a case that there's only your examiner inside. And then you'll have to go and deal with them.