a total another concept. So let's look at the case. Your patient is a 16-year-old boy. He's come to the emergency department after he fell from his bike. So now this is a traumatic abdominal pain. He's complaining of pain at the very famous site that you have a physical examination, case buffing the online exam and the face-to-face exam in the left upper quadrant. You're asking us to take a five-minute history taking. We don't have any task of physical examination over here. Tell us your diagnosis and differentials and tell us the weird management. It's a little bit hard if you don't want to tell us what exactly the condition is but I think the management obviously is pointing towards the immediate urgent investigations that you're going to run for this patient in the emergency department. So let's do a practice with this case together. As you know this case is not a new case as such because we always have an physical examination, quite a famous case. In the face-to-face exam they used to have blood in the urine. So used to be a kidney injury. In the online exam used to go more towards a kind of a splenic injury. But I want you to think about this and just to prepare for new cases. Let's say you have a case of this in your exam and it's a new case. Try to think about what structure you want to apply. And I want you to do this on purpose. I want you to feel that let's say you have a case that you don't have any idea about. But you have a structure. Yeah. Just think about okay I know that structure. Let me put it in the context of this case. What I want to ask this guy. So I'll give you 30 seconds. Write it down for yourself at the end. I'll ask you to look at it. Yeah 30 seconds. Exactly. Yeah. So even if you don't have any idea about this case, still have a problem with no pain. And even if you just stick to your structure, you're still going to rule out everything that is important for me. Let's do this together. So you have a traumatic patient. Definitely want to do hemodynamic stability, even if you didn't have a problem with no pain. Yeah. Just want to make sure you're all good. I'll start with an open-ended question. You know what the patient is going to answer that yes, just how to fall. I was riding my bike. I nearly hit a car. You know, I tried to kind of stare away and I fell and I have pain in my stomach. You're going to be nice to that little teenager that I understand I can be concerning. I know you're stressed. I know you're scared, but let me ask you a few questions. We'll do some investigations. I'll find out what's happening and we'll make sure everything is okay. Once you do that, we step forward into our complaint. Our complaint is still an abdomen open. Easy. You want to do a secora. In terms of the secora, everything's going to stay the same. Where's the pain? Where do you feel the pain? Where's the side? Tell me the intensity. The quality is still important for you. In terms of the onset, you have a very super acute case that just fell now and is with you. So maybe the sins question wouldn't be the best question. He'll tell you since I fell, I have the pain, but I'll still ask the on and off question. I'll still ask if the pain is on and off or constant. I'll still ask if the pain is gradually getting worse. Yeah. So I'm just adjusting it to the context of the case. Does the pain radiate anywhere? Still important for me. And in terms of elevating and aggravating factors, I'll mainly ask the position. In this case, maybe food and bowel motions might not be the most relevant questions to ask, but anyway, even if you ask it, it's not like it's a bad question. You can still ask it, but maybe I'll focus on the position mainly. Good. So we have done this. In this case, you have another clue in the stem that you want to explore it early on. What is the next clue in the stem rather than the abdominal pain? But you can see it very clearly. It's a fall. It's an injury. Yeah. And it is a good clue. So I'll ask you guys a question. Is it important to explore the incident? Ask me how did you fall? Yeah. What happened exactly? Did you fall? Did you hit the handle of your bicycle? What happened exactly? I'm interested to know. So I'll ask the patient. I'll open a question. Can you describe? Can you describe the incident? Or can you describe the fall? What other way you like to ask? Can you describe the mechanism? What happened when you had this injury? I'm interested to know if it's a direct blow to your stomach. If you had a fall, you landed on your side and your chest. Well, what happened? The next few questions that I'll add, although I don't want to kind of overdo them, I'll ask the patient. Like did you injure any other part of your body? Any other part of your body? And we did see how this question is important in the fall cases. The guy who fell in the toilet now has respect. Yeah. But what was the most important injury that we were looking for? Head injury. Did you hit your head anywhere? Because if you hit your head, I don't care about your stomach for now. Yeah. Let's just make sure your brain is doing fine. And I'll just ask one red slide. Did you lose consciousness? That's all. I'll stop it there. Good. I know everything I need to know about the incident. And obviously, these questions are key points. If anyone tells me that I'm going to ask more about the fall, I'll tell you that's enough. I know what I need to do to know. Now, let's push it forward. The very important thing that we need to talk about, what is the concept of this case? Why are we asking questions in this case? So you explored the pain? Okay. What do you want to do now? You're all in gap differential. But what's the concept? What's the reason of looking for differentials? You're looking for injuries. Obviously, it's a traumatic. I'm not looking for cancers in this case. Yeah. I'm not looking for IVD in this case. I'm not looking for UTI or RENOCHOLOG in this case. I'm looking for injuries. What systems are you looking for? I'm looking for the ones that are important for me. Display is important. The KUB is super important that as all of you know, these are solid organs. The GI is still important for me. If you have a very massive trauma, you might damage the GI, too, although the solid organs are higher risk. What else can you injure? You will be looking at your ribs and your respiratory canal, also put down CVS over here, too. Yeah. The questions are going to be the same. Let's say you didn't know this concept in the exam and didn't come to you at the point and you stick to it as an upper abdominal pain structure that we've made together. What do you rule out? You ask me GI questions. You will ask me KUB questions. You'll ask the general questions that kind of ticks off a few things for you. That is essentially part of this. You will ask me respiratory questions. You will ask me CVS questions. Does that make sense? So even if you wouldn't have known, you know, new the case that way, you're going to what you're doing, stick to your structure. And that's the thing that I told you yesterday. You have a new case. You don't cry out to have a mental breakdown. You think what you know, go and deliver it and you'll be surprised how much you know. Okay, so let's start doing this together. I'm skipping general questions in this one. It's not the case that I'll put the general questions. Although you can put it in, I'll make it, call it the GI questions later on. I'll start with the spleen. You'll worry about a splenic laceration, a splenic rupture. What are your key questions? You're looking if the patient is feeling dizzy. If this patient tells me I'm dizzy, important for me. You have already asked if he has lost consciousness for a patient who's actively bleeding in the stomach. And I know this is not a good question, but I'll still ask it. Did anyone tell you? Did anyone tell you that you look pale? I know you're seeing the patient. I'm just asking the question to look for a patient who is looking pale and he's bleeding. And you don't have much more questions to ask in this case. Pushing it forward, I'll ask the GI questions a little bit early. Anyway, it's an abdominal pain. I'll ask if the patient has vomited, but I'll make it specific. Have you vomited any blood? I can still ask the first nausea. Do you have any nausea? And if yes or no, have you vomited any blood? Doesn't matter if it's a yes or no for me. I'll also ask if the patient has had any blood in the stools. Although, again, I'll a little bit, but should not, but you can have injury to your colon's, have fresh blood in your stools and it's not the time to get dark stools. One hour later, you wouldn't have dark stools. But this takes you to the very important KUB. In the KUB, I'll ask the patient any blood in your urine, any blood in your urine. Can you tell me one extra question that you're going to ask this patient about the KUB system? What are you going to ask? Are you passing any clots? Yeah, patient wouldn't necessarily label that as blood for you. So are you passing any clots? Yeah. You can still ask me the next question. Do you have any difficulty in passing urine? You still don't know where the patient hit and what is happening. But anyway, I'll still ask the question. This will take me to look for respiratory injuries. That means rep fractions, lung contusion, no motor rags and the other things that might happen. Are you having any shortness or breath at the moment? Any cough and any difficulty breathing, although I know that it's the same as shortness or breath. In this case, you might get the vibe that I'm pushing my questions a little bit more because I don't have too much to ask about. And this will take me to Card Your Vascular at the end. If you ask me what are you worried about the Card Your Vascular? Anyway, it's a trauma to the upper left side of the chest. I'm thinking about tamponate and all the other problems that may happen. Well, ask the patient. Do you have any chest pain? That can again happen in refractures too. I'll also ask him, do you have any racing of your heart? It can be asked for multiple reasons. The guy who's bleeding obviously will be tacky card if the guy who has any type of problem in his heart and his feeling, palpitations. The only last two questions that are going to be important for me is any past medical histories you have that I should be aware of and any medications. The last thing you want this guy to be on is I will have been well for it. So these are the questions that I'm going to ask. So by now, if you ask me why did you push your questions a little bit too deep and some of them were a little bit too much, look at that question list. It's just 10-12 questions that you can ask and you have a four, five minute history taking. So I'm sure you guys also agree this isn't the best history taking case, but I'm sure they were missing the physical examination in the online exam. So they said let's do it as a history taking case. Now, explain your diagnosis and your differentials. We haven't at least, I don't know what came positive in the exam, but it's kind of obvious. I'll leave it to you guys. If I tell you I have blood in the urine, what is your diagnosis? I'm concerned about a kidney injury. Yeah. If I tell you I'm only dizzy, I've lost consciousness and maybe I have abdominal pain, you really don't know what's happening. So the only finding that might push you towards a very specific intra-abdominal problem is the finding that you find in the physical examination of the face to face the exact same. The guy who's passing blood after this injury. If you have blood in the injury, if blood in the urine, I'm going to go with a kidney injury, but let's conclude this case a little bit more general and nicer. Let's say you don't find anything. Nothing is positive. How should I wrap up that case? That I think there's a good reason for it to come negative because they've asked you management at the end. I'll tell the patient that look in your case, in your case, I'm concerned, I'm concerned about injury to the organs in your stomach, organs in your stomach. So this is how I started because it's really no way to know what has happened. The two main organs, the two main organs I'm concerned about, I'm concerned about are your kidneys or your kidney and your spleen. I'm concerned about injury to your kidney and injury to your spleen. These are the two main things you're looking for solid organs. Then you go into differential diagnosis mode, but you can also injure the ribs and the lungs. If you want to be a little bit more specific, so have rib fractures or injure the lungs that we call lung contusion, maybe. Or even if you want to add no mothorax here, the other thing that I'm worried about, you can always injure the stomach and the bowels, rare but can happen. You can injure the stomach and the bows and you can also have soft tissue injury. Nothing is happening inside the abdomen. You just have a normal soft tissue injury that everyone will have. And sometimes you can damage your heart, creating conditions like tamponate. That is the most relevant thing over here. An injury bleeding giving you the famous cardiac tamponate. This is how I'll explain my differential. So coming back over here, I know this is a rough task to ask you to diagnose and differential where you really don't have that much of a finding, but I'll tell the patient, this is my concern. I was asking you questions to look for injuries to the organs inside of your stomach. And through this process, I was worried about the solid organs, your spleen and your kidney that you might have injured. But there's also a possibility that you might have injured your stomach, your bowel, you might have soft tissue injury that just means the skin and the muscles and my embryos are damaged to your heart because it's on the left side. Now let's get towards the last component and ask you management. Question for you guys, what is your management? Let's say you have no findings at all. There's abdominal pain. What is your management guys? It gets a little bit hard, doesn't it? Yeah. Exactly. You do the same that you do in the emergency department. So the first thing that I want to hear that as part of your management, we're going to do investigations to find out what the injuries, as I told you, I don't have a specific diagnosis at this point. The two things that I'll do in this patient is definitely a chest x-ray at a fast ultrasound. So the fasts as all of you know, it's a focused assessment, sono for traumatic patients or for trauma. Yeah. So first thing I'll do, I'll do a chest x-ray because I told you I'm worried about your lungs and worried about your ribs, the second thing, or maybe this comes before, this I'll do a fast ultrasound. That you explain the fast ultrasound in a little bit more detail. This is a scan of your stomach. This is a scan of your stomach to identify, to identify any possible injuries to the organs. Make it simple. So we'll just do a very quick scan on your stomach, an ultrasound scan that identifies any possible injuries of those organs that I told you about. The second thing that everyone will do is, I'll obviously do the blood. You have a traumatic patient, so everyone knows you go for a full blood examination. I will do a blood group cross-match, prepare a blood for this patient maybe. What is the next thing that you do? Not a blood, but an investigation, the last thing that I've asked you to remember to ask me at the end of your physical examination. Definitely talking about a urine test. I'll definitely do a urine dipstick. We can find a blood in your urine just to make sure you have an injured your kidney and your urine system. I'll definitely do that to a urine dipstick. The rest of them are your general management. We are going to observe you closely, observe you closely, and we're going to admit you. We regularly check in your vital signs. The rest of them will give you painkillers. We might give you fluids. The further management depends on what we find. If we find any significant injury, if we find any significant injury, we will most likely have to proceed to a surgery. That is obvious. You have a splenic laceration, you have a splenic rupture, you have a kidney injury, that message that you're bleeding. Good chance that you might want to do that. Now, if anyone tells me that I want to add a CT scan over here, I agree. You can tell him that one further thing that we might do is a CT scan, but the first thing that I'll bring up is the fast ultrasound before the CT scan. So this is the entire management that I'll do that I tell him, like look James, because we have concerns about injuries to the organs in your stomach. First thing we want to do is a ultrasound scan that we call a fast scan. It's a focus assessment for any patient who comes in for trauma. We'll look for any injuries and any blood in your stomach. If we find any abnormalities, we may proceed to a CT scan and I might send you for a chest x-ray just to check the ribs and your lungs. We'll do some blood, specifically checking your full blood examination to make sure you're not bleeding. We'll prepare some blood for you, check your blood group, cross-match and prepare, and I'll definitely do a small test, are you in deep sick on your urine to make sure there is no blood, but we need to admit you, I'll have to close the observe your vital signs just to make sure there's no significant concerning changes in your vital signs. We'll give you painkillers, we might give you fluid, depending on what we find on the scans. There is a chance that I'll have to ask this urgency. So if there's any injury to your kidneys to your spleen, we might decide to do a surgery urgent surgery for you. This is how I wrap up this case. The case looks a little bit weird. It looks a little bit weird, not the best history taking of abdominal pain. In your notes, what I want you to do is call this case your traumatic abdominal pain. Now, I'm going to be saying, don't we do fast and unstable and CT unstable patients. AMC clinical was never about indications and steps of how you manage of what is step one, two, three. As we've done in all of the management, usually you tell me our final board options you have. So the point is that, for example, among deep, you find a hematoma around your kidney. Won't you do a CT scan? I don't care if the patient is stable on stable. That's a question, Mark. We don't know what we're dealing with at this point to say, like fast for that CT scan for that. Oh, really? I'll say, we'll do our fast. We made the CT scan if we need to. That's all that I'll discuss in this case.