Now you have got this case a few times throughout the year, so let's read it out together. Your next patient is a 40-year-old man who presents your general practice complaining of ongoing abdominal pain. He has done a recent ultrasound and it shows gallstones in the gallbladder, but there is no inflammation in the gallbladder. There is no inflammation, there is no thick wall, there is no features of colesis thitis in this case. Now I'll label this as one of the two cases that you have ultrasounds in abdominal pain cases. So you do have overall two cases, this is the 20-25 case. I'll add the other cases as a recording after class, you can see that one. That one is a lady with a right lower quadrant pain. With an ultrasound that goes towards being a middle spurs, but it's a very interesting design of a case that they give you an ultrasound, they leave a few points in the ultrasound. In that case you also have a gallstone with no inflammation in the gallbladder, no features of thickness in the wall and whatever inflammation there. The lady is very concerned about colesis thitis because her mother had colesis thitis. This is the newer version, so we're going to do this together and see how we go. Take a history from the patient for six minutes, obviously your diagnosis, your predominant as a scenario is going to be history taking, expand your diagnosis and your differentials. I'll just ask you a question. Do you think this case can be a colesis thitis or biliracolic? The question that I'm asking, do you think the designer is so stupid to give you a case that understands you have abdominal pain, you have gallstones, please come in and make the diagnosis of colesis thitis for me? Funny enough, some people are still made the diagnosis or biliracolic in this case. I'm not just talking about a few people. Let's go in. These are the features that you get. Let's go in and do a structure together. Have a lot of stability first. I'm going to just tell me if I want to know if it's stable or not vital signs. An open-ended question, yeah, doctor, so I've been having this pain. I recently did a scan. They told me I have gallstones. The pain is ongoing, not getting better. Let's go through a pain assessment together. Tell me more about your pain. There is the pain in the upper abdomen. Now, tell me specifically where is it? It's in the middle, upper middle. Okay, good. Tell me the intensity, scale of one to the end. Tell me the quality, is it double-shot? Tell me the timing. How long have you had this? Is it on and off? I'm just doing a basic secore or nothing weird. Is it getting worse? It's just staying the same doctor and not getting better. Is there any radiation? Is there anything that makes it better or worse? Doctor, I've noticed when I eat, it gets worse. Okay, so let's probe this a little bit further. Is there any specific food that makes it worse? Yeah. And how soon after eating, do you get the pain? Now, with this secore, your next step is general GR questions. We just need to talk about this. So tell me your free groups of differentials, guys. Differential group one. Epic gastric worse with eating. Going on for a long time. Yep. I'm going to do peptic, personally. I'm going to do peptic ulcerine gastrozovasial reflux first. Then I'll look into the pancreas, then I'll look into the liver and the gall bladder. At the end of the day, I will still look at ACS and the moneas. Yeah. The question you have to answer, what is the key question that you don't forget in the first group of differentials? I will done it together. You know it. No matter what happens, red flags, you have to check red flags. If you didn't pass this case with the correct diagnosis, you didn't ask me red flags. That's why. So let's go risk factors. Yeah. I want medications as usual. I prefer for back pain. Yeah, I take anti acid, whatever anti acid, it makes it better. I've noticed yes, spicy food, make it worse. Doctor, and yeah, do drink one or two coffees. Now, there is no red flags. There is no red flags. What is your diagnosis? It's nothing weird. Just think what is your diagnosis? Yeah, I'll say part of the people who kind of made the incorrect diagnosis in this case. Maybe they were kind of a little bit under the stress of the case. And that's why they made the wrong diagnosis, especially they walked into the case thinking that, oh, this is going to be a BLEericolique. The only thing is when they went in, some people just ask questions for BLEericolique. They just ask liver questions that never even got to the differentials. Your diagnosis will be, I'll go peptic also, this is just the same variation of the case that we did previously together, we did at the beginning of today. So, and in the upper epigastric area, you do have risk factors for, and also, I'm going to end this case again with, most likely you have also a new stumc, yeah, you have a condition called peptic, also disease. And that's how you're going to wrap up that case. We're not talking at new cases, we're just looking at different variations of how they play up with the case. As we're kind of getting towards the end of finishing off all our abdominal pain cases, this should just give you idea, guys, that in all of our abdominal pain cases that I've done with you, my structures remain the same. So, if I remember our first class, I told you our structure is something that I'll apply to all my cases, we're just using it over and over again, with minor changes depending on the context, yeah, minor changes depending on the context. So, what about just talking about this case too? This interesting, we has happened a few times in 2025, and I did notice a few people have failed it.