abdominal pain cases together. I might have left these on the end on purpose, but let's look at it together. Now this is the first one. Your next question is a 20-year-old lady presents to you complaining of abdominal pain, but there's something new about this case, and this case is one of the newest versions of abdominal pain that I think happened once, one or two years ago, but has happened in 12 and 25 a few times. She mysteriously has a history of a back pain for 10 days ago, which now has been resolved. So you're also telling me that the back pain is better now, but there is a significant back pain that might have been important for you. Take a history for four minutes as physical examination from the examiner and explain your diagnosis and your differential to the patient. So let's just quickly consider this guys. Two things I want you to do. We already have a structure for abdominal pain, nothing different. I've already told you, whenever you have a lead point, I usually call these lead points, when AMC leaves your lead point in the stem, there is a reason that that thing is there. There somehow will get linked to the case. The reason that AMC didn't leave that to be in the history, they need you to know that in advance, because it is most likely going to affect your diagnosis significantly. So if you have a lead point, I will explore my lead point in my exploring of complaints. So let's do this together. You already have a good structure. We have a case of abdominal pain. I've been asked to do history taking. Yeah, have a diagnosis, definitely. I'll intro initiate my case, open ended question, respond to it. I'll explore my pain. Now in exploring the pain, by now we've done tens of cases together with a siccora, also tell you the finding site. It's in the lower stomach. Okay, lower, which side? My entire lower. Okay, intensity, four out of ten. How long have you had it a week? So it's not that acute anyway. And what makes it better was, interestingly, in one case, the patient has said like it's worse with eating. Okay, any specific foods? No. Okay, that's a little bit weird, lower, but worse on eating. We'll keep it there. The second exploring that I'll do is my lead point, the back pain. So the back pain has resolved, but did you see a doctor? Did you see a doctor? What did they diagnose you with? She says like, yeah, I saw the doctor just told me just regular back pain, nothing weird. Okay, but important for me, what treatment did you take? And overall, are you feeling better? You already know that the answer to feeling better is yes, but you find your significant answer over here. Yeah, my doctor gave me panadol and coding. Just as a heads up, the brand name of this that we use in Australia is called panadine fort. So in case they decide to use that brand name later on, other patient has volunteered in the exam so far that gave me panadol and coding. That is just panadine fort that you're using. Okay, now we have a good structure. Just headlines. General GI questions. It's a lower abdominal pain in a man or a lady. So I'm going to do the GI group of differentials. I'm going to do the KUB group of differentials. I'm going to do the pelvic group of differentials. That does include hernias and a pelvic exam in a lady, a scroll to the exam in a man. Everyone happy with the structure? So nothing new. You just have this spot new. Rest is similar to what we've done before. Now in this case, the lady just tells you that yes, I'm on panadol and coding. The rest of your history is normal usually. So there's no red flags, there's no pelvic problems, there's no this, that everything is fine. And you go like, okay, so let's keep it over here for now. Let's come to our physical examination together. We'll just apply our regular structure that we've done over and over again. General appearance, the few things you asked me, vital signs, the few things you asked me. You do have super complete abdominal examination for me. On abdominal palpation, you ask the examiner, do I have any tenderness or masses? The examiner responds like yes, you do feel fecal loading, stools, fecal material on palpation of the left lower quadrant. Yeah, so people have recalled that this is the exact wording, but again, even if they tell you, there's a mass there, still kind of gives you an idea about what's happening. You get to the last component of your abdominal examination on DRE. Again, your examiner tells you like you can feel feces and stools, hard stools on your finger. Okay, it's a lady, I was still to appeal, we can exam, I was still to office tests. Now, this case is going somewhere specific, what do you think it diagnosis for this case is so far you've found that the lady has these findings. Yeah, so we are kind of thinking about two things, I'll just give you an idea in a second, so let's just write down, it's either a coding induced constipation, so everyone agrees there's stools there, constipation, or you can also call it fecal impaction. Now, in terms of fecal impaction and obstruction, depends on your symptoms, but this lady is passing wing, she's no vomiting, yeah, so you can see it's not an obstruction problem. I'm happy for you to use either one of your terminology, I'll find this a little bit more easier to mention rather than explaining what a fecal impaction is, I personally find it a little bit easier. So my diagnosis in this case is going to be simple, that I'm going to tell the lady that look the most likely cause of your pain, cause of your pain is constipation, constipation, which is caused, which is caused by the coding painkiller that you are taking. So coding has a side effect of causing constipation and I believe the constipation is causing your pain. In terms of differentials, the second thing that I'll make sure not to miss in this case is I was thinking about a fecal impaction that is the same constipation, getting so hard that it starts blocking and causes bowel obstruction. What is my rest of my differentials, GI differentials, KUV differentials pelvic differentials. And to be honest, there's not much of a reasoning for this case. The reason is it's a side effect of your medication on physical examination. I felt mass in the lower tummy that I think are your stools that I'm feeling on your stomach. That is what I'm feeling. That is the main reason I'm at this diagnosis. My differentials will be the same. Usually this case kind of has been getting the label of coding induced constipation. That is nice to call it this, but just approach it as an abdominal pain, nothing different. So I'll go with constipation. The horse is almost likely to cause a pain. We can call it also fecal impaction, but with your symptoms I do understand that it's not obstructed yet. Regarding if I'll ask you a question, let's see if you think like me. If you guys want to change the findings, same case, just change the findings, slightly change the diagnosis, but what do you change it to? I still want to confuse the recall people. Yep, still coding, still constipation. I'll give you this. I'm not passing wind. I'm vomiting nonstop. Yeah, pain has been there for a week ago. I started vomiting yesterday. Yeah, my period is fine. No vaginal bleeding, vaginal distribution, no, nothing. At that point, I will not pass you with constipation. They agree. What is your diagnosis then? An obvious bowel obstruction. Easy change to the case. One slide change, totally different finding. I'll fail half of you guys because you missed the idea. Someone is asking, like, should I explore the back pain? The stem has confirmed that it is resolved. You asked the patient, are you better? I'm totally fine now. If you want to go to a secore on the back pain, you can just to run out of time for your differentials. At that point, we'll have to think together. Was that a good idea? And did I get you anything extra to this? I'll just look into the treatment that gets relevant to the case.