So I want to explain to this patient that he has gastroesophageal reflux disease. Now you have confirmed that it is a disease not just gastroesophageal reflux because you found as a phagitis on your endoscopy. Please be careful about the timing. Please keep it short. You've already drew the stomach, the food, pipe and everything. Let's make it very fast. So you are having a condition. You are having a condition called gastroesophageal reflux disease. I wouldn't tell the patient you have gourd, no, you have gastroesophageal reflux disease that has caused, that has caused as a phagitis and inflammation in your food pipe. So this is how you explain it. I'll still bring up the asophageitis too. Although I know you might say gastroesophageal reflux disease as a phagitis. I know, but I'll still mention it. Now in the explanation of why this happens, I'll tell the patient very simple that the, you have a gateway, you have a gateway between the food pipe and the stomach, between your food pipe and the stomach. And in your case, it's not functioning properly. It's not functioning properly. Or if you want to tell me that it is loose, still means the same thing. It's not functioning properly. And some of the acid, some of the acid from your stomach moves to the food pipe, moves to the food pipe and irritates the inner surface or the inner lining. That's how you'll explain it quite fast and quite quick. I wouldn't spend too much of a time. So you have a condition called gastroesophageal reflux disease that has caused as a phagitis as I told you in the investigation and inflammation in your food pipe. Again, use the same drawing. As I told you, this is your food pipe and this is your stomach. You have a gateway here. Whenever that gateway is a little bit loose, not functioning properly. Part of the acid of your stomach goes in your food pipe, creates irritation as a phagitis what you have. What are your complications guys? Easy. It can cause ulcer in your stomach and your food pipe. Mainly the food pipe. It can create cancers so it increases the risk of having cancers if you don't treat it. The next thing is it can cause bleeding, especially if you do have ulcer. It can cause some narrowing. That is the same thing as a stricture. And I wouldn't worry about rupture. Sometimes you might rupture the food pipe. I'll leave it at the period. So you may form ulcers in your food pipe if you don't treat it long standing ulcer can turn into a cancer can bleed and can cause narrowing and strictures. This takes me to my management. You know I always tell you that in AMC I need bullet points in these cases. This is not a counseling case for you to sit down and explain like eight minutes of explanation. You've already told me what I have. What is the first bullet point I'll start you on? Anti-acids. I'm not still passing you a special group that are called PPI's, a special one that is called whichever one you've chosen to memorize. We will start you on some special medications that are anti-acids. They suppress or stop the acid production in your stomach. Production in your stomach. And I'm going to use a very special group that we call them the PPI's. I'll use it as a kind of abbreviation such as SMO Panta, Prasil, Lensoprasil, whatever you like. Now second point is lifestyle modification. So the next important thing that I need you to do before I run out of time dietary modification. So I'll need you to avoid all the risk factors. We've already talked about that. So I need you to avoid coffee, tea, fizzy drinks, spicy food, fatty food. I need you to avoid taking some tomato products, sometimes make it a little bit worse. So you kind of give them advice on the substances that they avoid. No alcohol, no smoking. On the food that they avoid. Fatty, spicy. On the drinks that they avoid. I don't want you to drink coke. I don't want you to drink coffee, less coffee and stuff, less chocolate. I don't know which chocolate falls in, but anyway. If you find a medication in this case, you talk about it. Now let's have a chat together. You find a patient who's taking NSAID for back pain. What do you do? Stop it. Take paracetamol. Take paracetamol with coding. What if you're finding a patient taking aspirin for migraine? Stop it. I'll give you paracetamol or I'll give you the trip dance. Now let's make it a little bit hard and challenging. But if I tell you I've had a heart attack and I want aspirin and chlorophytogra, will you stop it? You go like, yeah, maybe the benefits of taking it is a little bit better than stuffing. It is and it'll give you a high dose of pp. I do continue with anti-flatlets. So it really depends on what you have, but I expect AMC if they really want you to stop the medication to give you versions of this. You're not there to talk about alternatives. You're just there to tell them stop the medication if they are taking any medication. And this takes you to the next thing. I need you to do regular exercise and try to lose weight. If you lose weight, you kind of have a little bit of better control of your symptoms. This takes you to number three general advice. This is the thing that you call patient education treatment advice that you give the guy. Just a few guys. Small portions. Small portions. I want you to take smaller lighter meals. I want you to avoid drinking with meals. Don't lie down. Don't lie down immediately after eating. You can raise the head of your bed. You can raise the head of your bed or put a few extra pillows under your head. And I think this is enough in terms of the general advice. We don't want to go into that too much. This takes you to the last components. Tell me what are your last components? You can have your hours. You need a review. You need red flags. So you tell the patient that we are going to do follow-up endoscopies for you. Again, if you ask me how often you would not find a good number for just a patient who has as a fragilist. But we will do it most likely every one to two years, depending on how the symptoms go, how we kind of go, move forward together. And red flags. If your symptoms are worse, if you are losing weight, if you have dog stools, you are coming back to me. Yeah, so we can just make a plan on what we want to do together. If you want to give me reading material, going to be a little bit hard to find for this. But we'll use the lovely Victorian website of Better Health channel. Whenever you don't have any answers, just tell me Better Health channel has everything. You need to use motors or other patient education, but you're going to kind of tick off the box for you. So just to finalize a few things, the risky decision that you'll make in the exam in the last second is, oh, you're as a fragilist because of your hair and your, not because of hair and your. The thing that you get in the exam, oh, should I mention my Lanter Gavisconan and Femite Dignan? No, you just step it up to PPRs and you hit it hard. Yeah. And again, my experience is everyone remembers everything except the non-pharmacological management. That I want you to stop medication, change food and stuff like that, with the general advice that everyone will give me. So I think we covered all of our tasks and we're done in eight minutes. And just in case you want to take a small note, guys, if I change this case to a positive H-pileery, you just tell me two bullet points. I'll give you three medications. We've already given you a PPI, but I'm going to give you two antibiotics, a moxicillin and claritromizing if you like to memorize. And once we have treated it, once we have treated it, we will repeat a test called the Europe Ref Test. Has anyone done a Europe Ref Test here? Yeah, I've done it too. So they usually give you a small tablet and then you have to blow into a balloon. So they take the air away and test it for, I don't know, whatever marked cab on the day having that tablet that you breathe out.