So let's start with the first case that we want to do in this cluster, again, upper GI problems. This will be just a continuation of our acute abdomen cases. Now, we'll start with this case together. You have a 32 year old man who presents your general practice. He has the very famous complaint of upper abdomen opane. Now he's a truck driver. I'm not sure what the significance in this case is, but anyway, he's a truck driver just tell you the occupation and you have a history taking for six minutes, diagnosed and differentials. So when you see such a case, you clearly know the predominant assessment area of this case is history taking. I will be mainly deciding if I want to pass or fail you on the structure sequence of your history taking the way that you do it and also the list of differentials that you kind of integrate into your structure. Let's just have a quick review about this case. Just go step by step doing it as more of a natural form. Then I'll show you the findings. So we already have a structure just for the purpose of reviewing it one last time. It's a abdominal pain case. I'll jump in. I still will have hemodynamic stability on my mind. We'll ask the examiner just so that the patient is stable, tell me the vital sons will get over quickly, sit down, introduce yourself. Your regular open ended question by now. You know how you want to ask it. What if the way you've decided to do it, how can I help you today? Tell me more about your pain. Now, this pain usually starts with this story line that, yeah, I have a pain in my left upper side of my stomach. And now this is a new area that we're covering together. Okay, so I've been having a pain in the left upper side of my stomach. It's been going on for some time now. And sometimes it's not exactly a very acute pain. And as usual, I'm a little bit worried about it or I need help. And you want to add risk to concern of your patient. You want to build that initial conversation, bridge the case into your questions. What are the words you've decided to do that? I'm really sorry to hear that. I understand your concern. Let's go through this together. I'll figure out what's going on and I'll try to help you out as best as I can. Now, let's go forward. Is that okay with you James? James is happy. Let's get to the pain. We want to explore the pain. We've already done this together. So the site is already clear, but I might ask the patient, can you just clarify one more time? Where do you feel the pain? Who tells you in the left upper side? Just as a heads up, there have been a few cases that the patient has shown his epic gastric area. To be honest, we wouldn't change my structure. See it in the left upper side, doctor. It's in the middle upper side of my stomach. Okay. You asked the intensity. Please scale it for me. One to 10. 10 is your worst pain. How about is your pain today? Tell me the quality. The patient describes this pain that I have a dull ache. And so this might be a little bit critical in this case. So the pain is more of a dull ache rather than a burning pain. Okay. Tell me the answer. So in terms of the timing, I want to know exactly how long you've had it. Is it the first time that you're having this kind of pain since that duration? Is it on and off? Is it constant? Is your pain gradually getting worse just to go through the questions? Is the pain radiating? This case will not have any radiation. You get to the famous aloeviating and aggravating factor. So first as a general open ended question, you prefer to go in a with an open ended question. Is there anything that makes your pain better or worse? It says no. Then you go specific. Okay. So it's not specific questions anyways. Epic gastric or left upper quadrant. Any relation to position? No. So this is okay. A little bit different to the pancreatitis case. Is it related to food and eating? The patient says yes. Okay. So it is usually worse after I eat. Now this kind of changes the situation a little bit. Maybe instead of just brushing off this question, let's think about it a little bit more. I'm telling you that for the first time in all the cases that we've done together, I have a pain that is related to eating and it is related to food. If you want to probe further, not to give up the question, what do you think is important for you to know about this? If you want to jump on the chat box for me. So what extra question comes in your mind? Are we interested to know about two things? Number one, is there a specific food, first of all? Is there a specific food that kind of makes it worse or anything that you eat? Because if I have lactose intolerance, yeah, the aeroproducts bring it off. If I have saliac, ooh yeah, we'll get to the case, bread past the bring it off. Spicy food, okay. Most likely that all is peptic also. The gastroide is something going on. The second question that I would like to ask this patient is how soon, how soon after eating does the pain start? Now, the significance of this question for you is all of you know, we have a general umbrella term of peptic ulcer disease, but you do have two separate types of peptic ulcers and deltinol ulcers that are slightly different to each other. And it is important for you because you do know that the adrenal ulcers don't get malignant peptic ulcers, do get malignant. So how soon after eating does the pain start? You do know that a peptic ulcer, immediately after eating suddenly the pain starts. Other than ulcers usually kind of takes a little bit of a while after eating, then the pain comes on. So these are the two questions that are more probably a little bit further. And after this, we'll just go into our structure. So let's go into our structure, general GI questions. Yes, all your general GI questions, the upper questions, and you know, is the overall vomiting? Nope. Any bloating? Nope. Are you passing a win? Yes, I am. Any diarrhea? No, really constipation? No. Do you have any fever? No. We're here, nothing weird, just a regular structure. We just responded to that statement that eating makes it worse. Okay. Now, at this point, we want to build a list of differentials together. We've done this a few times together because by now we've covered our right-up quadrant, we've done our epicastric, we're just talking about the left-up quadrant. I told you that when I have an upper abdominal pain, no matter wherever it is, I want the free groups. Yeah. So you're going to ask me pancreatitis questions. You are going to ask me that group of gastroes of facial reflux and peptic ulcer disease. You are going to ask me liver and gallbladder. Throughout these free group of differentials that you already know, what questions you want to ask me and how you want to ask it, wherever you like to put it, red flags need to be there. Because this can be a pancreatic cancer, gastric cancer, even like a problem to cleanse your costs, and I'm still giving you a big gastric pain. I will start with my red flag questions. Nothing is different. Now, the decision of which one of these free groups I want to put first will depends on the side. If I get a left-up quadrant, also from gastroesophageal reflux and peptic ulcer disease. If I get a epicastric pain, to be honest, doesn't make much of a difference. Anyway, I have six minutes of history taking. You have to do the pancreatitis group of questions. You have to do the gastroesophageal and peptic ulcer. So maybe at this point, I'm not too fast if you want to start with pancreatitis first of gastroesophageal or peptic ulcer. Let's do just for the peps, I'll be making it different. If it is a left-up quadrant, I'll start with the group of gastroesophageal reflux and peptic ulcer disease. The things that might give me pain in that side. The first group of questions that I ask is red flag questions. That is the same questions I want to ask. Over here, I'm just thinking about a gastric cancer instead of a bowel cancer. So general questions, loss of weight, loss of appetite, lumps and bumps. Are you feeling tired? Rightly questions with one together. Moving into more specific questions. Tell me, what are the specific questions you want to ask this guy? That's kind of the purpose of our discussion today. Because we're talking about an upper proximal GI problem here. Now, previously in our red flags, we used to have blood, ask blood into the stools. But to be honest, I don't have any problems if you still want to ask that. But because we're thinking about so proximal into the GI track, I have two questions. If you have a bleeding at that side, it's going to come out as dog stools, no fresh blood. And if the blood is not coming out, it will go up. Have you ever vomited blood? Now I wouldn't ask that question, for example, in the other lower quadrant pains that we're doing. But now that we're talking about the upper GI problems, we'll talk about it. And today we will talk about hematomasis. That we'll talk about it as the new case of 2025. So do you have any dog stools? Have you ever vomited blood? Yes, I do. If you want to add one last one, that again is a case we want to study today, any difficult in swallowing, looking for as a facial cancer, or again, maybe a peptical cancer, and a gastro cancer tube. Any family's sure of cancers? And if you family's sure of cancers, in the stomach, in the bowels, just to take that off. And once the red flags are ticked off, that are very similar, just a slight difference. I get to my gastrozophasia where I flexed these questions. Now, because we're in the left upper quadrant, maybe I'll spend a little bit more time on this compared to the previous cases. Also, question number one, do you have any heartburn? Do you have any heartburn? That's a general simple question. Second question, do you have a beta metallic taste in your mouth? Beta metallic taste in your mouth? And if I want to ask the last question, the famous waterbrush. Any sudden increase of saliva in your mouth? Come and tick off the questions that you need to know. Now, let's go forward, get to a peptic ulcer disease. Now, in terms of a peptic ulcer disease, we're first going to do the same thing that we've done previously, risk factors. Risk factors were both a peptic ulcer and a gastrozophasia of reflux, that all of you know what I'm going to go through. Maybe a little bit emphasis on medications. Do you take any medications? We are asking this question for the purpose of the patient telling us a medication that can cause gastritis or as a phagitis. And you have a long list. It's not only NSAIDs. AMC loves to do NSAIDs, but NSAIDs, steroids, bisphosphonates, all of these will give you inflammation in that area. The patient in these cases has been dropping something. And I don't know why AMC does this to you guys, but suddenly comes out and tells you, yeah, I'm taking quickies. Initially, you'll be thrown off by, what is quickies? So the question, can I ask my examiner, what is this medication? I don't think anyone has attempted and I don't think your examiner is going to respond to that question. AMC, throughout the years, has done a few medication names for you. And I know for some of you guys, this might look like, you know, what is quickies. But if you lived in Australia and you had reflux, you most likely have gone to chemistry, where you have to pick something up over the counter. And AMC has used the name of my Lanta in the exams before. We'll get to the next cases. My Lanta is very common. Quickies, another general anti-acidetic ampeicup, the one that they haven't used yet, very famous. You see the ads and everything. Gaviscone. In other cases, they have used so much. Again, I'll say the only other medication that I've seen they've used in the years is my card is. That is tell me is awesome. But anyway, I think in their mind, they're thinking, like these are very routine medication that Australian people have either seen it in calls, chemist warehouse, advertisements, and so on. They know what it is. If anyone gets this in the exam and doesn't know what it is, maybe I'll ask the patient, what is that medication? Although they wouldn't look too good. But now, you know, quickies is anti-acid. So the patient tells you like, okay, I'm taking quickies. That is anti-acid. And okay, you have this problem. He can ask the patient, is it helping? Is it helping with this pain? Just to assess. Yes or no? Yeah. Usually it tells you like, yeah, it might help or no, it's stop helping. And it tells you like almost all on panadol and neurophen. That again, these two are very famous. So if you know what it is, neurophen, ibuprofen, panadol is just paracetamol, the brand famous brand. Okay, good. We've done the risk factor medication. Let's go through the rest. Do you drink alcohol? If yes, how often, how often do you drink? How much do you drink? Do you smoke? No. Have you ever smoked? Still important. Yeah. I used to smoke before but I've stopped. Okay, good. And I'll look for other stuff. Can you tell me how much coffee tea do you drink? It takes spicy foods. Just to take off the other risk factor. I think this is enough. Yeah, you can still tell me other things that you want to do. But this is enough. Now, coming down over here, I will add one red fog over here. Although you can take it back and add it somewhere else, I don't mind. I like to keep it over here. And if you ever get a peptic also disease, patient coming to you, they always have something very common. And then there's a pain happening at night. That's the pain. Wake you up at night. If anyone wants to take this back into red flags of cancer, put it over here. I don't have any problems. If anyone remembers better in your timing, I don't have any problem. I'll leave it up to yourself. Whatever you're more comfortable for me works better here. I'll leave it up to you. So we've done a guess. There's a phase of reflux. We've done a peptic also. Most important thing of this case. We've done a red fox. Let's go into pancreatitis. So we want to just roll out a few things about pancreatitis together. The things that I will rule out is, again, maybe I'll ask the question, like is your pain better on leaning forward? I know you've asked position once. I'll just ask it again. It is a very specific question. We have already asked, and I'll see on vomiting the other things that I will look for any trauma to your stomach, any injuries hits your stomach. I'll look for infections causing pancreatitis. We've already done fever, but if you all ask for any fever, flu lock symptoms, I'll ask that. We've already ticked off cancers. I'll ask like any previous history of high fats in your blood. And we've already asked alcohol, just a few other risk factors and things that I can add for pancreatitis. And that takes you to liver and gallbladder problems. But you know what I want to ask. Do you have any yellowish discoloration of your skin? Any cheenas, if anyone wants to ask about dark urine and pale stool, I'll still ask it because it's a six minute history. For gallbladder, we're gonna ask that famous question. Have you ever had previous episodes? Previous episodes of pain after a large fatty meal? A large fatty meal? This is the main question that I wanna add. And I'll wrap up my history taking with ACS and pneumonia. So with all of these symptoms that you're describing, any chest pain, any shortness of breath, any cough that you have. Now if you run out of time over here, you've done a great job. If you're a confident person, you practice on your structure. I have extra time. Let me just go to my good closure and wrap it up nicely. Now looking at your good closure, we've almost asked many things. We've asked smoking, alcohol medication. Do you do drugs? Do you have any allergies? Overall, any other past medical history, or family history that I need to be aware of? So nothing weird. The regular structure, you know the questions by now, you know what we're doing, we're just deciding to reshuffle our groups of differentials. The patient in response to all your questions gives you these findings. The yetocta pain in the left upper side, or in the middle, upper middle, doesn't make much of difference for me. It's on and off. I've had it for some time. I don't know, maybe a few weeks or months. So dull ache, it is worse with eating. I do take cookies. I do take panadol, I do take new friends. Someone, I think a year or two ago, just recall this that kind of confused the hell out of everyone that the patient tells you. I do drink, it gets better by drinking. To be honest, I'll put a question mark over here. I'll still mention it because someone will go pull it out of the old records and ask me. Not sure if it was a typing spell, a typo, instead of worse by alcohol, the guy put down relief by alcohol, or I don't know, it was a mistake or something that came out in the exam. Now with all of these features, guys, what is your main diagnosis? What do you want to make for this guy? What do you want to choose as your top diagnosis? You are having a condition cold. Yeah, easy. I don't think anyone has any doubt. You have a peptic ulcer disease. It's an easy go. You ask the right questions, you get it. This is not our old gastroesofasia reflux. You didn't have features of gastroesofasia reflux. It gives you a clear cut, peptic ulcer disease. So here, jump to the diagnosis. Let's go to the diagnosis until the patient that took after talking to you, James, most likely, you are having a condition called peptic ulcer disease. I was just calling peptic ulcer disease, guys. I'm not gonna go into the detail of peptic ulcer, the ideal dental ulcer. It's a little bit hard to differentiate in many way and treatment is the same. You need a very simple explanation. You need a very simple explanation. This is an ulcer. This is an ulcer in your stomach. Which is most likely, which is most likely caused by the side effect of the neurofirm medication you're taking. So that medipane killer medication and teapometry that you're taking has a side effect that you can create ulcer in your stomach. Now, my reasons are clear. The reasons are you have a pain in the left upper quadrant. The quality of your pain was important for me. It was a dull ache. I did find risk factors for ulcers in you. A good reason for me is I have ruled out red facts for other conditions. I'll mention that I have made sure that there is no other features suggesting a more serious condition like a possible cancer in your stomach. And this is the reason that I will put peptic ulcer on the top. Now, in terms of differential guys, if you wanna choose a good differential, just one number two, what is it? That I've already told you. No, choose your best second. I'll give you a chance to tell me second differential. I'll decide if I wanna pass or fail you. I was thinking about a gastric cancer. I was thinking about a possible cancer in your stomach because these ulcers can become cancerous. On the other hand, other cancers, pancreatic cancer can still give you the same picture. Maybe as a facial cancer, these were the older cancers that I was thinking about. Now, once the cancer is out of the way, let's get to all this. On the left, I have gastrozophasia or reflux disease. I'll come to the middle. I have pancreatitis. I've already told you pancreatic cancer. I'll go to the right. Give me a list of bunch of differentials that you know them. Biliaricolacolacistitis, colongitis, hepatitis, hepatocelular carcinoma, just a few of them, I'll do the job for you. So again, hepatitis, colacistitis, colongitis, biliaricolac cancers in the liver, just a few differentials over here. You look up and you look at acute coroner syndrome and also low and low pneumonia. These will be your main differentials. Now, someone can tell me what about lactose intolerance, what about spleen problems, what about this step. You can always give me an extra 20 differentials. This is a good list of differentials from different groups, different areas. And I think you have to get off your best differentials. The only thing that I will not forget that I'm emphasizing a lot on and you'll realize why I'm emphasizing in the next few cases is gastric cancers.