5K, so let's just jump into this. We've done this together in the previous class, just a new version of the case. We want to just get over it. Have a small chat about the problem. Your next patient is a 27-year-old lady who presents to your general practice just complaining of right lower abdominal pain. So it's your same right lower quadrant pain that we did last class. For four days, the pain has been getting worse in the last 24 hours. Your task is to take a history. Last physical examination from examiner, expand your diagnosis and your differentials. So yeah, we just want to maybe focus on this a little bit more and just review this case together, look at the findings. Someone recalled this for me. I'm doubting if it was a finding on the history or it was in the stem, that person has sent me that in the stem says the patient is feverish and the patient has vomited. I just have a feeling it will be a little bit premature to give that in the stem. I think it will be more of, it was in the history, but the person will recall it just probably wrote it down in the stem for me. Let's just jump into this case. We're just going to cook review together. With the intro, we don't have any problems guys. I'll go a little bit faster. Introduce myself, my name is Emile. I'm your doctor. How can I help you? Statement, respond to the statement. Ooh, I'm so sorry to hear about that, James. Lily, okay, I'll need to get a bit of understanding about your pain to figure out what's going on to be able to help you. Is it okay if we go through a few questions and are you in any pain now? Yes, do you want a painkiller? Yes or no? Let's proceed with our history taking. You jump to your pain. We've already done this together. You'd want to do a secura. So you want to know the site. You want to know the intensity. You want to know the quality, the timing of it, radiation, elevating, aggravating factors. Tell me, we've done this before. What is the one key point on right-low quadrant? Key question that you have to ask me, just as a reminder of the shift. So Lily, I know that you do have pain in the right-low quadrant, but anyway, I'll ask you again, where is the site? It's in the right lower side, Doctor. Can you tell me, did the pain start at the same point or started somewhere else? The patient tells you like, no, this time, it started at the same place and it's staying at the same place. Okay, so there's no shift. Good. Nothing can about happen, the site is that much. Now, you do your differentials. Same structure that we've done before, I'll start with G.I, the way that I think I have general questions. I'm not sure on vomiting, bloating, wean, conservation, diarrhea fever. I do the specific ones that are still important for me, the red facts. Lots of appetite, lumps and bumps, dizziness, blood in the stool, change up bowel habits, and a list of cancers, I have surgeries and medications. Everyone happy? Yeah. Let's get to the second group. KUB questions. I already know it. Dizzuria, any banding and pain on your urination. Are you passing your memory, frequently blood in your urine? The third most important group, the pelvic group. I still wouldn't forget about hernias, have you noticed any lumps and swellings in your groin? Now, let's just review this part of this structure again. You have a lot of questions to ask this lady. How did you organize it in your mind? You put it into free groups for me. What, what are the free groups? If you wanna put in the chat box for me, I'll remember free groups of questions to kind of organize that big list of questions for me. We went first symptoms, not to forget it very important. They are bleeding with this shot, watch I know bleeding, watch I know this shot. Period history, everyone, tell me what was the last period. And again, if it's off, if it's more than four weeks, are your periods regular or not? Because in the lady who gets periods every three months, I might be less concerned if she tells me six weeks. And sexual history, are you sexually active? Just the screening. Sexual active, do you practice safe sex? And maybe one other question. Now, let's go into the exam and see what they gave you over here. In your findings, the lady tells you like, yeah, I feel feverish. So this is something that AMC does all the time. On a history taking, they never tell you, I have fever, yes, the fever. They use these kind of terms. Yeah, I'm feverish, I'm hotish. I'm feeling sweaty. But have you checked your temperature? No. So just when you get this positive finding guys, please, so have you checked your temperature, Lily? No doctor, I haven't. Okay, so maybe one last question I want to ask you. Do you also have any chills? So this is how the question goes. Do you have any fever? Do you have any, yes, I've been feeling feverish, doctor? Have you checked it at home? Checked the temperature for a thermometer? No, do you have any chills? Yes or no? Now, this patient, when you're going into the nausea and vomiting, she tells you like, yes, I have nausea, yes, doctor, I've vomitinged three times. Now you guys tell me, please, probe further. I don't have time to probe a lot. Tell me one question. One, most important, significant question that you want to ask me. I'll just let you probe it one question. Color of the vomit. Why is this so important for me? Yeah, the fact of worrying about a billiard's vomiting. I know blood is also important. Volume, episodes, odor. Maybe if I want to just ask one question, like can you tell me the color of the vomit, I just want to make sure it's not green. I don't care if it's blue or golden, it's just not green. I'm okay with that. Yeah. The lady tells you I have the idea. Oh, okay. Let's probe further. When did that start? When did it start? When did it start? Anyway, I'm gonna ask you the question later on. Have you noticed any blood in your stool? I'm gonna ask me later on anyway. So you go through the rest of the history taking. Suddenly you get to the period. When was your last period? Five weeks ago, doctor? So the next question. Are your periods regular or regular? They are irregular. So next question. How often do you get your periods? And it's an interesting design. I get it every four to six weeks. So I don't know if you're pregnant or not. So this is how the question goes. When was your last period? Five weeks ago. Oh, okay. Are your periods regular or regular? She says it's irregular. How often do you get your period? Every four to six weeks I get my periods. Okay. You proceed to the next question. So tell me, have you sexually active? Yes. You practice safe sex? Yes. Oh, I wanted to ask another question. Have you ever had a diagnosis of a sexual transmitted infection? Oh, yes. Okay. This is not going good. I'm getting a lot of things here. And we're told me it'll be PID or appendicitis or something else. I'm getting everything. Yeah. What do you call this guys? And those of you might have done my previous classes. I forgot to find it from the next slide. So one of the candidates who did take exam yesterday, he was telling me that all of the cases of what you told me, the multiple findings drama. Now, multiple findings drama means you are in a case. You're getting more positive findings that you expected. I mean, the record, the telegram group just said, this is positive. I'm getting 10 positives. I'm getting positives of PID, positives of a ketopic, positives of appendicitis. What's going on here? Now, you have to ask yourself a question. Aims started doing this a while ago. Although it dominantly happens in your history, taking cases alone, what if aims started doing this? If you answer this question, you understand why. Aims started facing some candidates that they say, I came to the station, I asked the positive findings. I asked, I came to the correct diagnosis. I want to sue you because you didn't pass me. Now, Aims, he kind of counted that with, we'll give you multiple findings. The question that you have to answer just to reassure you who gets multiple findings. Who will get all these findings? The person who rules out a good list of differentials. I will tell you, if you are in a case and you're finding different findings, please smile, you're doing a great job. Don't go into the confusion, oh my god, what's my diagnosis? Don't worry about it. You are doing a great job. There is nothing wrong with you. Just continue what you're doing. Yeah. The reason that your friends are not finding it, they look at the case, I know it's PID. They just push on PID, don't rule out, don't get the other findings. So, let's keep this over here. Let's have a quick review of our physical examination from examiner. I'll show you the findings in a second, just a small changes. Okay, second task. Ask Pp for my examiner. Examiner, general appearance. Your examiner gets angry. As you can see, skip general appearance. Okay, chill. Vital signs. Bot pressure pulse rate, respiratory temperature. The examiner tells you temperatures 37.5. 37.5. There's always a funny thing for me because we'll have to go search what is the threshold of fever and then you have a problem because it depends on how you check it where you check it, when you check it. Yeah. I as a habit go 37.4 as a threshold for me, you can go whatever number you want. And I always find these numbers that AMC is giving you fever but not giving you fever. They won't still keep you in the blank. They could have given you 39, but they decided to give you exactly the threshold. Okay, so I would like to do a full abdo examiner. I'm going to do a full abdo examination. The structure wise, we are the same that I would like to do inspection. Examiner tell me if that that means moving symmetric with respiration, cool and so on, great. On superficial deep pole patient, do I have 10 NSSU do? In the right lower quadrant, answer my question. Do I have rigidity, guarding and rebound? What do you think the examiner said in the exam? Now that you're asking it, guarding and rigidity is positive. Rebound 10 NSS is positive. I'll give it to you if you ask it. Yeah. Then someone sends me a feedback like why did they give me free on physical examination? Did you ask rebound, rigidity, guarding? No, I just asked endoness. Tell me if there's any masses. Percussion, is there any pain on percussing? The right lower quadrant, tell me off-sculptation. It is right lower quadrant, definitely one in greenery area and a DRE. Now at this point, I'm dealing with multiple findings. To be honest, one of my differentials is appendicitis. So tell me, what do you ask the examiner at this point? Special tests. Yeah. Ask me one or two special tests. I don't know if I'm in care if it's one or two. I'll choose rovzing. Yeah. So tell me, is the rovzing sign positive? The examiner tells you, no, it's not positive. Yeah. I'll ask another one. You can choose between obturator or the solid sign. For the face-to-face exam, usually because in physical examination, you'll have to do it. I get you guys to do obturator. So it's hard, hard to do in face-to-face if you prefer. It's hard to do in face-to-face if you're performing something. One of them, obturator sign is also negative. Good. We're done. So not appendicitis. I've already done the greenery area. If anyone hasn't, you do it now. I'll keep it in my structure, which takes me to the pelvic examination. We talked about it last class too. I'll make it for a habit for myself. The moment I say that examiner, with the constant anishaperone just because of the significance quickly. Tell me inspection. Do I have any rash as a redness, no bleeding in this charge, no lumps and swellings, no? So we decided that we want to structure skin findings, lumps and swellings. It'll have different meanings in different cases, not for free bleeding in this charge. Now you get put in a specular examiner. On a specular examination, I want to look at the cervix and the vagina while as a structure, any problems? No, normal. Good. I know some of you asked me like, why should I headlining? Can I just tell the examiner I want to do the cervix and the vagina? Or will I just share an experience of myself, again, of the old experience? In 2017, I was doing one case of endometritis or what of it was. I did inspection. I did the specular, after the specular, I just asked the examiner, examiner, tell me cervical motion tenderness. The response of the examiner was nice. He told me like, how do you want to do a cervical motion tenderness? I said, I want to buy a manual exam. OK, cervical motion tenderness is negative. So preferably headlining it. I want to put in a specular, I'm telling myself, a vagina wall, I want to do a bi-manual examination. Now this is where everything starts. You can write down the findings from here. I'm bi-manual examination. Step number one, tell me cervical motion tenderness positive. I want to check the uterus size, border, and tenderness. Examiner tells you, you have an inverted uterus. I don't really care about that. Normal size, empty. I want to do right at the next cell tenderness and masses. You have a right at the next cell tenderness. And examiner, I want office tests. The two important ones for me, urine pregnancy test, urine dipstick. Urine pregnancy test is positive. Urine dipstick is normal. Now the person who recalled this for me, I believe it didn't ask about roles inside an obturator side. I do assume it is negative there. What is your provisional diagnosis, guys? Ecotopic pregnancy. Now does anyone want to argue with me? Why don't I have fever? Anyone? Fever. Fever. Go look at symptoms of ectopic pregnancy on the bottom of the symptom list. You will see fever and flu-like symptoms. So that fever doesn't put me off. Devomiting is the vomiting of pregnancy. Devomiting is the vomiting of prevening pregnancy, nothing weird. So my provisional diagnosis is still ectopic pregnancy. Now I would like to see a list of the inferentials over here. Whenever you get multiple findings, guys, in these cases, I tell you that between the things that I've given you, choose the top one for you. Some of the cases let you choose the top one. For example, this one had a puffy. Later on, we'll do a cough case. There is no puffy. There's just a history. There is no way to confirm which one is at the top of the list. When you have a design of case like this, you want all those findings are at the top of your list. So ectopic pregnancy was one very important possibility. I was definitely thinking about PID. I was definitely thinking about PID in the slides. Between these three, I choose to put ectopic pregnancy on the top of my list. Yeah, because most of your symptoms match ectopic pregnancy. Let's just quickly jump and write this down together. Okay, so you tell the lady that look Jenny most likely, most likely you have a condition. You have a condition called ectopic pregnancy. Ectopic pregnancy. Now step number one after I tell her the condition is I need to explain ectopic pregnancy in simple words. So I don't waste time. I don't want to pick up our pen and draw the uterus and the tubes. In this condition, the pregnancy forms in the tubes instead of the womb. So in this condition, instead of the pregnancy starting and sitting in the womb, it is sitting in the tubes. And this is an unusual place, an unusual position for the pregnancy sac. The reasons that I've made this diagnosis today are, now first of all, your period. You have missed your period, although your periods are regular, I did a year in pregnancy test for you today and it is positive. Yeah, now let's link it. The vomiting that you have is most likely because of your pregnancy. So at the beginning of pregnancy, you will have morning sickness and vomiting. So that's most likely part of that. The other features that kind of point towards this is, even you feeling feverish is a feature of ectopic pregnancy. But the rest of my reasons are on examination. On your examination, I found your womb is empty. It's a normal size. Yeah. And I found that the opening of your womb was painful. Your opening of your womb was painful when I touched it. These are features of ectopic pregnancy. I continue my differential. I had two other conditions on my mind. I had two other conditions on my mind. Now, one of them was definitely appendicitis. You need a simple stupid, sure, very short explanation. This is just an inflammation in a pouch in your bowel. But it's not likely. The main reason that I made these on examination, the special tests are negative. This is the only way that I can do it. And there was no shift to your pain. I did a good cease to take construction. It was very obvious. Number two, I was thinking about a pelvic inflammatory disease. This is an infection in your womb. It is not likely in your case, because when I asked you about this charge, you didn't have this charge. Yeah, you didn't have any discharge. This is the only thing that I'll make the call that you don't have it, because you have had previous STIs. You do have fever, you have vomiting. So the only thing that maybe makes me think it's not happening is the fact that I already have a positive impregnancy test and you don't have any discharge. Now, at this point, I'll make the rest of my differential diagnosis list. So let's go step by step together. In terms of GRDifferentials, you guys tell me, what else do you have on your mind? Let's have a brainstorm together, right lower quadrant. Hernias, I've already set up and decided is bowel obstructions, gastroenteritis, IBD, whatever, marvelous, whatever you want to tell me, I don't care. I was thinking about kidney and bladder problems, UTRs, urinary tract infections, again, uretry, colics and so on. I was thinking about the very big group of ONGDifferentials. I've already told you, PID, I've already told you, a big topic pregnancy, what else do I have? Ovarian problems? Ovarian torsion, twisting of your ovaries, ovarian cysts, ovarian cancers. I was still thinking about other conditions to diabetic atocidosis, I don't know what a vellis you want to add in your list of differentials at that point. I wouldn't even listen to your verdict of my boxes. So again, just a new version of the right lower quadrant with a small catch of the fever. Now, let's go argue with AMC. Fever is rare. I decided to give you feverish. This is my design of the case. You can go find it or just follow the structure and get it done. We'll just have a small chat about one last case, although we'll talk about it later on in a little bit of more detail. This is the last version of a case, again, a predominant assessment area of history taking in our very young lady. I'll give you a quick heads up. This case is also right lower quadrant. Now, don't be no pain. So you go in, structure is the same. I have a dynamic stability. I don't know the duration yet. I'm open ended question, address the complaint and concern, explore the pain. Where is the site? It's in the right lower quadrant. You ask me, shift, there is no shift. You do the rest of your C-Cora. You get to general GI questions. You go through them. This is your positive finding. So pain in the right lower quadrant, no shift. It's been there. Just started today. So short duration. So one or two days. Yeah. Started this morning or yesterday last night doesn't make much of a difference. You asked the LMPs exactly two weeks ago. Some cases they tell you exactly 14 days ago. Some moment you hear that, you go like, oh, I did wrong, please say exactly 14 days. There's no watch out, there's no watch out. This charge, sexual history is okay. No other problems, no radiation, no pain, nothing. Now, problem of this case is you don't have a puffy. I wish you had, because you could have done up in the site, especially test a biamanol examination. But with these findings, let's say a pain four, five out of 10, some people don't recall this, I assume they don't ask it, but usually this case gives you previous episodes. Yeah, okay, I had the pain like twice before too, that you go better by itself. This time it's not getting better. What is your diagnosis of this case? If you want to give it a good name, Mithu-Schmerz might be a better name for it. Mithu-Schmerz is also called Mith cycle pain. It's also called ovulation pain. Has different names, because it's not a medical condition. It's a normal process that causes a little bit of pain. You can call it whichever one you like. I think all of them will get the job done. Now, let's go expand this to the lady quickly, wrap the case up. In terms of diagnosis, quickly, so you are having a condition called, whichever name you decided to call it ovulation pain, Mithu-Schmerz, Mith cycle pain, whatever you feel more comfortable or mention both of them. So this condition is called Mithu-Schmerz, also known as Aka ovulation pain, or Mith cycle pain. Now, I need a very simple explanation. This is not the point that I want to sit down and explain the whole monocycle and what happens and everything. In the middle of your menstrual cycle, in the middle of your menstrual cycle, usually around day 14. Around day 14. Obviously, this is assuming that you have a regular four week 28 day cycle. Usually in the middle of your menstrual cycle, around day 14, the Excel, the Excel is released, is released from the ovaries, and this releases, this releases some fluid. In the stomach, that causes pain. That causes pain. So in this condition, usually in the middle of your cycle on day 14, from your ovaries, you release the Excel. The Excel is released into the tubes, but there is a little bit of bleeding and fluid that is released to, and that causes pain usually around this day. What are your reasons? The reasons that I've made this diagnosis, number one, side of the pain. So it's in the lower abdomen on one side, so the right lower quadrant. The intensity of the pain was not that bad. So you had a mild pain, you labeled it as four or five. It has happened immediately around your mid cycle. So it told me two weeks ago, was your period at this point you've had it. And again, as I told you, most of the cases tell you, you've had previous episodes. So the fact that you told me you've experienced this twice before, that got better by itself, that's another reason. And what is your last reason? I've made sure to rule out my diagnosis because mid cycle pain will be a diagnosis of exclusion. Again, I don't have a physical examination in this case, and I'm just making a provisional, most likely, you have a condition called this. There are still a lot of possibilities, no one argues. That is your list of differentials, who will write lower quadrant after mid-lip pain. We've done a number of cases together. Tell me GI, differentials, tell me KUB, differentials, tell me Hernia, pelvic differentials, tell me other differentials. Cambia appendicitis, can be bowel obstruction, can be Hernia, can be a urinary tract infection or stone and the tuberatric colic, can be obstetric problems like ectopic pregnancy, can be gynecological problems like infection in your room, PID, not likely because of this reason, ovarian torsion, twisting, not because of this reason, other conditions, shingles, whatever else you want to put on your list. So this will be a good list of differentials that are make for right lower quadrant abdominal pain, just to kind of wrap up. This case is not new, this case has been a very well-known case. Ectopic pregnancy is kind of a newer version of the case and a small catch to it.