Hi everyone, hope all of you guys are well and welcome to this discussion. Now this will be our first video that we're talking about the AMC clinical exam and I'm sure somewhere in your mind you're thinking about why are we having this discussion, why are we not rushing to recalls and doing cases and you know, doing structures. This is a very important discussion that we have to have with each other. Why is this discussion so important? Because I need you guys to know what you're dealing with. What is the exam? How is it designed? Who is the typical candidate? What are the problems in the preparation and having an understanding about overall what you're dealing with? Because when you look at the passing rates and I want to look at a few years ago, so we look at the last year, the last annual report that we have was still waiting on the 2025 passing rate. The 2022 to free and even before that. We are dealing with something around 25% of passing rates. So that means like one in every four of you pass this exam. That is a little bit strange because I'm sure out of those four people, three of them prepared very well, three of them are competing doctors, three of them have a lot of experience, they have a lot of knowledge, but they're still fed two of them are failing the exam. Only one is passing. Let's say one of them didn't prepare properly. Let's say one of them has been out of practice for a while and didn't study too much for the exam. And one of the reasons that we have been having such a low passing rate because we've been rushing for a shortcut, we've been rushing to tell me the recall, tell me the diagnosis, I want to study three months of recalls and I'm done with the exam and I want to go pass it. We kind of forgot that we have to understand the concept of the exam, how is the exam designed, what is the exam's purpose, what does it want to do and how does it do it? If you understand how the exam has been designed and if you understand how the exam is being scored and what the exam is looking for, you'll be way better prepared to pass this exam. So if you ask me again, why is this discussion important, please take the time to see these videos once and that's why we're doing it at the first medicine chapter because you have to understand what you are dealing with, what is the exam, what is the concept, whoever designed it on the first day and all the changes that happened later on. What is the sequence structure of this exam? As long as you understand it, it'll give you a way better preparation and I can promise you you'll be way better prepared for the exam and you'll have a way higher passing rate compared to the other people. Now we need to understand that this exam has two separate components, you have a knowledge component, you have a delivery component, why does this come in play because you have to go into the basics of a design of an oscary exam, the basics are based on the Miller's pyramid. So if you go and read medical education literature, the first person who starts describing these assessments is Miller's, Miller's kind of makes this pyramid and says if we want to assess our medical doctor, health professional in terms of their knowledge, we have a few steps that we have to check. Step number one and two, the foundation, the doctor needs to know basic knowledge and know how those usually come in the MCC exam zone, all of you guys at this point have passed your MCC use. Congratulations on that, now we're on the next step. When you get to an oscary, we already know that this doctor has the basic information because we did an MCC exam, they picked the correct choice and they passed the exam. Now they need to show us how they do it. So now we have to make a simulated environment, put someone there as a pretend to be patient, a role player and see how they do a consultation. We already checked their knowledge about migraine, we know that they know the key points of migraine, they can diagnose it, they know the management, they know which one to choose, they know the side effects, but now we want to see can they have a consultation, take a history properly with good interviewing skills, rule out differentials that come to the conclusion of migraine, can they make a proper management plan for that in a patient centered approach or not. So essentially you're showing off your knowledge and this brings me back to this spot. The knowledge component is necessary, obviously you need it, but there is a very bigger, more important delivery component that this is showing them how you get it done. Now unfortunately some people don't understand this, they just think that this exam is about knowledge, they sit down, study, study, study, study going, they examine failure, they realize like I wasn't able to deliver it on the day. So I had the best possible knowledge that I could have, but on the day of the exam I couldn't deliver it. And this is the fun thing about oscary exams because even if you're the biggest specialist, you're John Muuta, you walk into AMC clinical and you're not able to deliver your knowledge on the day, essentially you're not going to pass the exam. And I cannot judge you by your credentials or what you have in your mind that you're not showing me. My judgment comes from the point of what you show me as the examiner. And if that delivery doesn't happen properly, if you're showing off, doesn't happen properly, unfortunately we'll have a big problem together. So I want you to look at this exam as two separate components that both of them need work, both of them need work. You cannot pass this exam with a bad knowledge, with a good delivery, you will not pass this exam with a good knowledge, with a bad delivery. You need to be good at both of these. You need to be good at the knowledge, you need to be good at the delivery. We want to talk about each component and what are the problems that kind of come from this part. Let's talk about the knowledge. Now, the question is knowledge you guys have studied for MCQs. All of you guys are graduated medical doctors in different contexts and different degrees with different levels of experience. So all of you guys have the basic knowledge of medicine. To be honest, I'm not here to teach you anything. But for an oscq exam in this context, because we're doing AMC clinical, there is a very specific oscq exam. We have these on cases that essentially you have a total of eight minutes for the entire station. And usually this eight minute is broken down to different tasks. So for example, take a six minute history taking, telastaticness and differentials, or take a four minute history taking to ask us physical examination, telastaticness and differentials. The way that I look at it, you need a very specific slice of knowledge for this exam. And yes, it is a slice of knowledge. It's not an MCQ exam to sit down and study word by word on John Muuta like what he says. It is a very specific slice of knowledge of, okay, in a presentation of headache. What should I know? At this point, I don't really care if you want to go into the deepest depth of, for example, what is the pathophysiology of trigeminal neuralgia. But I need you to understand what are the differentials of headaches, what are the red flags in your history taking, what examinations are relevant for you, and what are the criteria for you to make a diagnosis. So I'll call the specific slice of knowledge. I'm sure all of you guys have that knowledge in your mind. The only thing that happens with me, my job is to refresh that piece of knowledge and tell you this is the part that you need. The problem is, the MCQ already has such a big database of cases and different cases that they've tried in the exam in the last few years, that even at this point, you have to study a big amount of information. But if you want to tell me that I want to go outside of this circle and study more in detail that is not needed for this exam, I'll tell you that you already have a big problem of studying what is asked from you in this exam, what you need for this exam. I might not make my situation worse. But the problem that we usually face, the biggest problem in the knowledge, or maybe the only problem is, how are we gaining that knowledge? And essentially, the question is, where does it come from? So historically, again, for those of you who don't know me, I've been... involved in names cyclical since 2017. So I started studying for MCQ since 2017 and I did my exam in 2017. I'll tell you my story in the next video. Where does our knowledge come from? Usually comes from notes. And it's interesting. The notes are the same, just different names. Back in my days, it was Karen notes. Then there was this guy who sat on the Facebook group, compiled all the past feedback, and called it Marva notes. The next guy took Marva notes, made an addition on it. The next guy brought it out, lives in notes. Now, days are here, I don't know. This note, that note, whatever note. These notes, unfortunately, haven't been the best source of knowledge. The reason that they haven't been the best source of knowledge, there is always a bias of recalls in these notes. So the way that these notes kind of work is, they grab all the recalls, that's why they're exciting because they are recalls. They just write down a few things, a mess of a few questions, either from a few past feedbacks. The problem is, when a past candidate writes down a past feedback for you, that we used to have a lot a few years ago, now people are not doing it for certain reasons. For each case, case number one, they write down free lines. The problem with you is, you want to read free lines, go do the same free lines and pass the exam, forgetting the fact that this candidate has performed eight minutes. That free lines is barely 30 seconds of performance. You cannot use that. So all of these notes have a recall bias. They have been designed around recalls, that this is the case, this is what you do, and after doing it a number of times, we've realized what is positive, what is negative, and they put the positives in red, and it makes you feel very good that you know the positives, you know the case. Unfortunately, these notes will not work. It's not about the information in them. I'm not saying that the information in them is not correct, like knowledge wise, but the problem is, they do not show you how. You need something to show you how to do this in the exam, not to tell you, ask this question, second question, third question, tenth, twenty, a third question in eight minutes. All of your doctors, I drop you into a case that you have no idea about. Let's say I give you a case, you have nothing, no knowledge at all. You have fiber in my algebra case. You don't even know what it is. You heard it back in med school. You're a doctor. You can still sit there and go like, I'll shoot in there. Yeah, what do I do when I shoot in there? I'll go fever, body aches, loss of weight, loss of appetite, joint pain, knows your vomiting, travel. I'll just ask questions. You're a doctor, I'm sure you can do that. As an examiner looking at you, you're not showing me that you know how you do it. And the fun part is your friend will ask the same questions, exactly the same questions, but we'll pass the case because the way they do it is different. You have to understand it's the way that you do it. Not the questions. These notes, none of them sit down and tell you, this is the concept of approach to a chest pain. This is concept of approach to tiredness case. This is what you need to do to pass the case. They all sit down, listen to a bunch of questions for you. And again, it does make you feel good because somewhere deep down inside, it kind of triggers you that, ooh, I know the case, I know the positives, I know the outcome. I'm the most clever person in the room. Forgetting about the fact that your examiner has been trained to pick you out and fail you. And we'll talk about the cognitive biases in a second. So in terms of knowledge, guys, I don't want to say who is good, who is bad, what is good, what is bad, but you have to understand in terms of knowledge, when I say you need a very specific piece of knowledge, I'm not here to teach you what migraine is. I'm not here to teach you how to diagnose migraine. I assume that you've done that in your MCQ. Here to tell you, how do you pass that migraine case? How do you show your knowledge? And what piece of knowledge you need? It's this how that builds up your knowledge. And this is one of the big differences, I've realized I'm working with all the IMGs, including myself. Maybe I wasn't trained in this way. I was trained in migraine is this rather than if a patient with headache comes to you, what do you have to think about? What do you have to do? What do you have to know? And for you to make a diagnosis. So in terms of knowledge, yes, we'll need a very specific piece of knowledge. We'll work on that together. But again, I wouldn't be biased by recalls. I wouldn't be biased by some notes that have just listed a few questions. If you're studying anything for a case and it doesn't give you a logical sequence, a logical understanding or concept of why we're doing it, what we're doing that, I'll say that piece of knowledge might not come handy in a osc. Exam. So essentially, what you need is the knowledge of how do I approach? How to approach a case rather than tell me what questions should I ask for cancer? Now, let's get to the second component. This will be the tricky part, unfortunately. So many of you guys studied well for AMC clinical, but unfortunately on the delivery, we have a problem. So you prepared well for the exam. You studied how to do an how to approach a case to properly, you know, the key points, you know, the recalls, you know, good list of differentials. You walk into the exam. The delivery is multifactorial. It's affected and influenced by different factors. And that's why it's usually a very complex area for us. Maybe the worst thing is stress management. It's very hard to control the stress in the day. Unfortunately, I wish I had an option or tell you to press this button and your stress goes away forever. It's very hard to control the stress. It is a face to face exam in a very strange environment. We don't have the, we don't have the preparation. We haven't done practices on osc. Exam so a lot. And again, booking the exam has been hard. The journey is very rough and complicated. So when you get to the exam, you're occupied by the idea that I need to pass this exam. And usually that creates an extra layer of stress because the exam was already stressed with itself. It's exam now. You have an extra layer of stress that what if I don't pass? And that stress kind of ruins everything. All of you guys have done funny things on the stress, you know, you went on a date as much as you kind of did rehearsals before that you thought about it. You prepared for it. On the stress you messed it up. And the exam is going to be the same. The stress will kind of bring out some funny stuff that you do that even when you remind yourself after the exam, you ask yourself, did I really do that in that exam? And yes, you did it. And it's totally fine guys. There's no, no judgment because you were under a very significant amount of stress. You were making decisions in fraction of seconds and usually making decisions in fractions of seconds are extremely risky. But the other fun things that come in place, time management. People who haven't really fought about delivery or they haven't really prepared for the delivery phase. What happens they go into the exam, they start running out of time. Unfortunately, not completing a case and not completing a task is an instant fail. I as an exam net don't have any way to pass you. I wish I could. I can't because your task was task number one, task number two, task number three. You didn't complete task number three, which means your case is incomplete and I have to fail. Time management is something that comes with practice. Again, you're not able to take a timer inside. You don't have a watch inside. You just have one prompt time that tells you take a history for four minutes. You're here bail telling you your four minutes is done. Go to the next task. And you don't know how much time you spend on task number two and task number three. So the next bell will be when you have to leave the station. You will have to practice on this so much. So this will come with a little bit of role plays or with a little bit of active. Kind of preparation on disruptions and active assessment of your time management. Just make sure you stay in time. Again, if you don't complete a case because you ran out of time, 99% of the time, I'll make the decision to instantly fail you. And that is something that you have to manage yourself. And with a little bit of practice, I'm sure after a while, you'll get a sense of how does four minutes feel like how does six minutes feel like. So at a point you'll come to yourself that, oh, I think I got my prompt time at four minutes. I'm in the second component. And then I think I've been in it too long. So I don't have too much time. Maybe I'll speed out my differential quickly before I run out of time. This will need practice. This will need more of our self awareness of your time. The second thing that comes important is communication skills. And this is usually an area that I usually don't talk too much about. But unfortunately in 2025, we've seen a significant change in the way that AMC is assessing us in terms of communication skills. Now just before I go into the discussion around communication skills, I want to put a comparison with empathy, because you are going to hear this stupid advice from some people that go in the exam, just have empathy. Check the patient's understanding. Be empathic. Oh my God. I'm here to help you. I'm here to support you. I'm not saying that is not important. I'll give you a small box. In all of my cases, I tell you there is a certain communication skills that you have to apply to each and every case. Some cases, most some cases less. But it has a small box because even if you do the best empathy, the best communication skills, if you don't know the key points of the case, you fail. If you don't ask the red flags of these, you're taking your fail. If you don't know a list of differentials, you fail. And that is the idea of a Oscar design as much as communication skills are important. They're not the biggest component of the case. It is a side component that is still important. So communication skills does not mean empathy. If anyone tells you go past this exam with empathy, forget about structures and key points and differentials, please go do it. Call me after you failed. I can guarantee you'll fail. Just call me afterwards. We'll have a chat about why that didn't work. By communication skills, I do not mean empathy. Yeah, it's nice. And it sounds good. This is the problem. When I tell you to be empathic, lost rarely on way, do they still that? It sounds really good. And again, I'm giving you another shortcut instead of like doing the case properly, just do stupid empathy. When I say communication skills, there's a few things over here. Communication skills by that I mean interviewing skills. Interviewing skills. What do I mean by interviewing skills? I'm looking at the way that you execute your history taking. And I've already told you this. This is very interesting. I usually have a chat with people who failed the exam. They come back to me and I mean, I talked to my friend. He's passed the exam. He's asked the same exact questions that I've done. He's mentioned the same exact differentials that I've done. I've failed. He's passed. How is this possible? At that point, I'll tell you it wasn't really about the questions or the differentials that you mentioned. It's about how he did it. It's about his interviewing skills, which means your friend was actively listening to the patient. Wasn't calling off the patient was asking proper questions, waiting for an answer and following up those questions. Like when the patient said, gave you a positive, find it to a question. He put himself in the storyline. He followed it up. He had active listening. What did you do? Screw your positive answer. Next question. Do you have any fever? Have you had any travel? Yes. Okay, that's okay. Let's go next one. Shall I have you lost weight? And at that point, me as an examiner looking at you, I'll say like, yeah, you're asking the right questions, but this is not how you do it. Yeah. AMC has mentioned this a lot, addressing the patient's concern at the beginning. So your starter case, I totally understand this guys because I'll be an IMG and I've done this myself. You go into an exam. The patient is not a real patient. You're asking him, how can he, how can I help you? And the patient starts expressing this deep concern for you. That looked like I've had this problem and I'm really concerned about this and that. And you know, what do you do as an IMG? I'm in an exam. That's okay. So tell me how long have you had this for? The question is, will you do that to a real patient in your room? I will not do that. I will at least go like, okay, I can see your concern. Yeah. Let's talk about your concern before we get to the questions that I need to figure out what's going on. I understand your concern. I know how tough it is. It's been, I know how difficult this has been, but I'm here to help you. Yeah, let's work through this together and figure out what's happening. I'll make the best management plan for you. I'll try to help you out as much as I can. You are in safe hands. This is what you need in terms of communication skills. So the second component is communication skills. By communication skills, just as I remind the other mean empathy, I'll talk about the next component. I don't mean a great level of English speaking like I speak like American English or British English Australian accent. It's not about that. It's not about your A's that you go into your accent. It's about the way that you do it and your intervening skills. Now, last thing before we wrap this video up, there will be a component here that English is our second language. And we cannot ignore that. Everyone has accents. Everyone has different levels of speaking. There will be some grammatical errors in everyone's speech. I think even mine has some errors at points. Yeah, especially when I'm tired. Now, I have seen people who can speak English in a very difficult way. They are working on our work in Australia. The speech comes very harsh with very thick accent, but they've passed the exam. And at that point, you made me wonder like, it's interesting. Like, you know, this person that when I talk to him has such a thick accent speaks with such a struggle and so slow, went and passed the AIMS to clinical, which clearly brings up the point that you don't need that great level of English. When I say communication skills, I'm not talking about how you speak English. I am assessing you in a example medical professionals. I'm looking at how you get the job done. Not this is not an English exam and I'm not scoring your speaking. And I know some people usually ask me this question that, you know, maybe my speaking is not my strongest point and still have a little bit of trouble. Will that interfere? Do I need to prepare for two years for this exam? No, it's not about the way that you talk. Your speaking abilities. It's about how you execute that consultation. Whatever your case is, it's about how you do it, even with the most broken of words. But I'm sure we've a little bit of practice, guys, because all of you guys have been doctors. Part of your studies, most likely has been in English. I know some countries you studying medicine in your own native language. That kind of creates a little bit of difficulties in terminology, especially the way that you ask, layman questions and so on. But with a little bit of practice, that English will go out of the way. Even if you have a little bit of difficulty speaking, that's not important. I didn't mean empathy by communication skills. Bar communication skills. I mean professional interviewing skills. The way that you handle a patient. And if you get a good understanding about this, it'll not only help you for your exam. It will hopefully help you in your later lives that you have to practice in Australia. Then you're going to deal with real patients. So again, the purpose of this video was we need to prepare for both of these components. Both the knowledge component has to happen properly, both the delivery component. I cannot tell you the percentage. So is it 50, 50? It'll kind of be fair for different people because some people need a little bit of more work on delivery. Interestingly, some people need a little bit of more work or knowledge. They speak nicely. They're working in the system. They know how to do a patient's and that approach that they have good interviewing skills is fixing their knowledge. It's really not a percentage. It's two separate components that will have to understand a specific piece of knowledge of how to approach it. Then understand the components of delivery, go into exam and deliver it and do it properly. I will talk about this later on in detail. But if anyone asked me by the practice for delivering me, do you mean role playing? I personally, I'm not a big fan of exclusive role playing because some of you guys listen to that advice. That someone told me if you want to pass this exam role play for 12 hours a day, and I did that, and I failed. And I tell them like, look, role plays is good. I am telling you to practice, but I practice with a goal, a practice with an aim that I'm doing this practice today with my friend. I'm spending the number of hours because if I want to study for two hours or study 10 cases, starting with my friend in two hours, I'll role play free cases. But I'm doing these free cases because we want to double check to make sure we have an understanding about time management. We have an understanding about stress management. We have an understanding about the communication skills. I can stay on my structure. I can walk on my structure, not forget key points and deliver my knowledge. It will require practice. Yes, it does require a little bit of role plays. There will be a little bit of challenges finding a suitable partner for you to practice. But even if you don't have a partner, later on, I'll give you another solution of how you can prepare for this delivery phase. Now that we're done about this components of the exam and the intro into AMC clinical. Let's go to the next video that is going to be a little bit scary and a little bit stressful.