In 2025, for the first time, they do a disphase your case, totally new case. They did it early in the year. They've done it at all. I think three times this year that I think one or two times it's been piloted. The funny thing is the last time that it happened like two months ago, it was also piloted, but it has been scored. So it has been scored on pilot. But you will see some evolving tasks in the, especially the last version of it. We're going to talk about all versions today. Let's just jump in the case together. You have a 57-year-old lady comes to you with a new complaint of difficulty and swallowing. That is the same as disphase your for you. So your task will be to take a history for six minutes. A predominant desesmeneria of its retaking, expand your diagnosis, and your differentials. Now this is one of those hard complaints. I'll say it's a little bit of a challenging case. Let's maybe brainstorm together before I start talking. What are your differentials with disphase your guys? What comes to your mind? What do you remember from? Last time you studied it. Yep, strictures, acolyse, exactly good. Cancer is definitely what else? So that'll be a problem in this case. We need a good list of differentials. Yes, strokes and any type of neuropathy, autoimmune, rheumatology conditions, sclerodermal system, exclerosis, shock runs, that brings Parkinson's, good, and diverted kilometers of figures. Yep, good, perfect. Now you have a small variation of this case in the handbook that is not a disphase your case. It's just a global scale, it's called a foreign geos case. If you look at the telegram group, I have kind of sent you a link to a padlet. If you go to the padlet, I've kind of left you two PDFs that you can download and study. If you want to study, one of them is from your handbook that is the global scale. Just in case you want to have a read on it, not a very nice case, but anyway. And then there's a RECGP document that anyway will review today. So if you don't read it, you haven't missed anything. Let's go step by step into this complaint and again review it because it's one of those ones that is a little bit new, a little bit unfamiliar with it. So if we want to kind of look into this phase, your problems over role, you can divide it into different groups through broad categories. One of the categories is dynamical location. So if I have a problem in swallowing, it's either or a foreign geol, high in my food pipe, or it's as a phasial, this phasia. It'll always give you ideas. So one of the questions that we're gonna ask about our history taking is gonna be the fact that we're gonna define is your problem happening early in initiation of swallowing a later on. Does it happen to you feeling in your chest? That's a question. And we usually divide it into two other groups to modulity disorders and obstructive disorder. You either have something blocking the food going down or you have something probably the movement of your as a phasia. You have a spasm, you have, I don't know, acolyse, you have whatever that the movement of your as a phasia is not happening normally. Now just run through this big box, you don't need to know all of it, but anyway. We're looking at two big malignancies, or a foreign geolmail with malignancies and as a phasial malignancy. So as much as as a phasial always comes to you, always wanna think about a pharagensial cancer can gonna give you the same symptoms. And at the same time remember, big tibre cancer will press on your trachea and your food bite. Yeah, and we'll create problems in your swallowing. The rest of your stuff, infections and abscess, abscess formations like a Quincy or whatever, that kinda creates a little bit of problem in your swallowing. We have the pharyngeal divertical, you do have radiation injury, foreign bodies, rings that you can have over there, but maybe the most important one that I'll memorize is these strictures. Now strictures are usually chronic complications of either chronic gastritis or chronic esophageitis. Yeah, and after a while you do develop strictures, so that is something that I'll definitely keep in mind. That lets you move forward together, but in terms of the other differentials, you wanna think about motility problems. Now, acolyseus is the most famous one that, I'm sure you've done your MCQ's on it, you studied it back in med school, but what I want you to see Parkinson's disease, myostean agrarian is multiple sclerosis, autonomic neuropathy is of diabetes, strokes in the next slide. So there's a big group of, I call them neurological differentials, neurological motility problems, but again, they'll have the same questions, as long as you remember to, for you of them, all of them give you neurological deficit on your history taking. Acolyseus doesn't give you much of a question because we're gonna ask it in the pattern of our dysphagia, but acolyseus will be both towards solid food and also liquids. We've done stroke and at the end of the day, you do have functional dysphagia that we don't wanna talk about it. It's the one that has a psychological theology. Now, in terms of medication, a long list of medication can give you this phagia with different pathophysiologies and mechanisms that they work, sedative drugs, anti-psychotics, medications that might make your mouth a little bit dry. So maybe the most important one that you use is AC inhibitors. The congenstances, the congenstances, SSRIs, anticholinergic and other medications. Now, let's look at our boxes of history taking. So RSC should be breaks this down very nicely and tells you like these are all the questions that you wanna kind of ask. We're just gonna put it in a better sequence together. When they say like ask about the initiation of swallowing, they're saying like you wanna kind of define if it's a referential or as a phagia dysphagia. A referential dysphagia usually gives you choking and coughing so at the beginning creates a little bit of problem and that's why you always have choking. The important questions that we usually miss changes in your voice, ear pain for your orafarginial cancers, that's your symptoms that you wanna ask about that. Moving down into the thing, we're still gonna look at reflux, we're still gonna ask about a peptic ulcer disease. When they tell you ask this catching sensation, the throat and chest, we're gonna ask it in another way. So you're gonna ask if there's a problem on initiation or do you feel kind of feeling things getting stuck and sticking in your chest just to get an idea about the sight of it. The most important thing that I like to do is this guy and this is another described question. Whenever I personally get asked difficulty in swallowing question, although I know you look at it and you think to yourself it's dysphagia, a patient who has ordino phagia will also tell you I have difficulty in swallowing, which means it's painful. It's difficult to swallow. Yeah, so I will always start my case with describing, is it pain or is it hard to swallow just to get a definition about what I'm dealing with. Looking for necklamps. I'll say the main thing is your thyroid cancer, no urchal deficits, we already talked about why we wanna do that. And this is another important question. Is it just to solve these all liquids and all of you understand the importance? So maybe the main thing that we're doing on history taking together is differentiating the locations, differentiating the mechanisms in exploring or complaint of dysphagia. Now just to wrap this up again, very important red flags, weight loss, tiredness, anorexia, night sweats, your past medical history is important for you. Again, strokes, Alzheimer's, anoreopathies, and so on. And you wanna go through the rest of the questions. I'll say these questions are not something that I'll drag on to AMC. Now let's get to the case together and see how we go, make a structure for it and talk about the different versions that have come out this year. So I go into my dysphagia case maybe before we talk about our history taking I'll just summarize my list of differentials. I'll summarize my differentials like this first group, most important group and the purpose of this case is red flags. Again, don't ask me red flags in this case, we're not going anywhere. Oroforigial cancers, esophagial cancers, tyrate cancers, and even lung cancers. I know lung cancer sounds a little bit weird, but any medicinal mass including a lung cancer can put pressure on you as a vagus and give you dysphagia. Now the second one that I usually think about is asking bad esophagial and gastric strictures. It's mainly about esophagial strictures that kind of reminds me to think about a long-term chronic gastroesophagial reflex and even apeptic ulcer disease. I'll put down infections, although infections doesn't always match this case too well, but you're looking for the farer, I'll put down farer anxiety, so it's just one simple example and abscess. What other version of abscess in the neck you wanna call the one that all of you know and you study for amciskwinsi, a peritone solar abscess, same thing. Now I'll make a group of motility. In the long list of group of motility, I will preferably get you guys to time groups, then we did a few neurological motility problems, whichever one you like, stroke, autonomic neuropathy of diabetes, mystainia, gravis, multiple sclerosis. I'll get you to tell me a few, I'll call them autoimmune, your modern welcome to call them rheumatology conditions. Whichever one you like, they'll give you the similar symptoms. I'm scleroderma, systemic sclerosis, shock rinse or whatever other weird thing you wanna put on, I don't really care which one you choose to. And getting to the bottom, acalyze you, your famous motility problem that we doesn't fall into any of these. Not that I'll just make a small group of differentials as medications because you can see there's different medications with different mechanisms that gonna create a little bit of difficulty in your swole. Okay, good. Now, we have done our list of differentials. Let's start our history taking together. So I'll go a little bit past in this case. You go in and introduce yourself open ended question. So how can I help you? Now I probably did the patient has given us different answers throughout the year. The simple answer has been like, look, I'm finding it difficult to swallow and I'm worried about it. One of the other role players starts with this that looked up the food is sticking, food is sticking when I swallow. So whenever I swallow the food is sticking, not going down. Yeah, I'm really worried about it because I can't eat properly. So the case starts like this. Okay, so you wanna build a rapport with your patient and just address the concern. I thought it might be nice to talk about this because someone just recently brought this back to me that, and me, you said all the cases in the exam are gonna say I'm concerned about something. Now half of my patient didn't say they're concerned. They just started telling me there's a problem. The problem with that was like, I just proceeded to tell them like, they didn't say any concern. I told them I understand you concern. In response to that, I told them like, look, I asked you to respond to the patient statement. Now let's say this patient starts here, I'm finding it difficult to swallow, not knowing where to add it. I'm just finding it difficult to swallow. I just come to you to assess this day. I'm not gonna tell the guy that, I understand you concern, I'm gonna tell him like, thank you for coming in for a assessment. I'm responding to your statement, yeah? But I will have to know more about this just to make a better decision about what's going on, provide the best management plan. Are you okay with that? Let's start it. So just as a reminder guys, as much as sometimes I just write down I address the concern of your patient, we did agree together that this is a bridge from your intro to your questioning. And you wanna just make it nice with the purpose of building rapport with your patient. So I will respond to whatever my patient says rather than one statement for all cases. Now let's go into our next case and start exploring our dysphagia, next step and exploring dysphagia. Now let's just define our boxes together. If we can agree on boxes, everything else will be easy. What boxes are important for you that you wanna know about dysphagia. Now that we talked about it, you have describe and time, what else? Describe it, time it, what else? Alvin and Agravain, in fact, as always, what else? What are the important things that once come to you? I'll leave RedFlex to later. I'll say the two critical things that I wanna do over here is the pattern. I'll call it a pattern just because I can not the case, so I'll call it a pattern to pattern, characteristics of the dysphagia, that'll tell you what that means in a second. Let's go through the case together. Now also always the timing may be first in this one. Tell me how long have you had this problem for or when did it start? Apparently in one exam, it's six weeks, in one exam, it's been six months, doesn't make much of a difference, chronic to me. Yeah. In the six week time, especially I'll ask you, like is it the first time happening? Have you had this problem before this? Overall in the last six weeks or six months, tell me is it happening each and every day, was it on and off? And overall, would you describe it's getting gradually worse in time? Now the key box number one, I want you to describe it. In terms of describing it, I have a number of questions, question number one. Can you please describe what you mean by difficulty in swallowing? Is it hard to swallow? Is it hard to swallow or is it painful to swallow? I always like to differentiate, Odinophagia from dysphagia. Yeah, that's hard, that difficulty swallowing is not painful. Okay. The second question that I'll ask is, is it hard? Is it hard to initiate the swallowing? So do you find difficulty in initiating the swallowing? Yes or no, and any choking? So now kind of defining the side. So is it like hard to initiate the swallowing and when you swallow, do you choke at the beginning? I'm looking at early or for angel problems, versus my third question. No matter what happens, I'm asking the question. Do you feel food? Do you feel food is sticking? If it starts with the seeking complaint, sticking or gets stuck in the throat or the chest. So I'm looking for the location. Although like many of your patients wouldn't be able to define a location. So do you feel the food gets stuck in your throat, upper areas or more in your chest? Do you feel it gets stuck just to see if you can kind of locate where the problem is and again, you understand the importance is it's or a financial or is this as a facial. Next group that is super important for me is the pattern of the dysphagia. What do you mean by the pattern? Does it only happen? Does it only happen with solid food? Does it only happen with solid food or it also happens with liquids? So you do know that if it's only solid food, you're more of a thinking about an obstructive problem. If a patient tells you solid and liquids, most of the time it's multi-lifty problems. Unless you're very late into a severe obstructive problem. And moving down, I'll ask elevating and aggravating factors. Is there anything that makes it better or worse? I'll maybe ask specific food again. We are dealing with eating swallowing problems. So I'll ask is there in specific food that makes it worse? And overall, it has been going on for some time. So tell me how is it affecting your life? Looking at the impact of our problem and the patient's life. And again, I have six minutes to be taken. So I'm not going to worry about that too much. Good. So we've kind of exported quite well over here. And again, now that we look at it, I'll say like these two boxes are the critical questions. So if anyone forgets elevating and aggravating factor, I won't forget the solid and the liquid. I won't forget about locating the position. Now let's step food into our differentials. In terms of our differentials, we're going to step food into it. Obviously run through our differentials. I usually personally forget to ask this question myself. So for this purpose, I'll just remind you that thisphasia is a what symptom? It's a GI symptom, which is why you cannot tell me general GI symptoms are not important. We usually get a little bit occupied about the fact that less alcohol cancels. And just take them off and gas for as aphasia graph log. Nausea invomiting is still important for you. Bloting is still important. Yeah. If you don't want to stop over here, you can maybe I'll continue my questions. We pass wind, constipation, diarrhea fever. The fact that we call the general GI symptoms, we're going to do this for all of our GI symptoms, all of them, no matter what your GI symptom is. Once you've done your general GI symptom because some of your cancers will give you vomiting and you want to ask them, let's go forward and get to our red facts. So differential number one purpose of this case is red facts, the main design of the cases around red facts. Let's start general cancer questions. All of you know it. So have you lost weight? Just as I head up to all of the exams this year, yes. You already know the questions. Tell me how many kilos? Over what period of time has there been any intention to lose weight? Lots of appetite, lumps and bumps and tiredness. If you want to ask night sweats, doesn't make much of difference for me. But then you want to go into specific red-fired questions. Now guys tell me, what were you asked for for your GI cancer? Or did you discuss that just to make it clear? What were you asked for for your GI cancer specific questions? So any history of soul throat? Have you had any soul throat long term soul throat, especially any problems in your ear pain? What tells you? Yeah. The last question, any changes in your voice? Each and every question is important. Usually we miss it completely because we're again occupied by the facial cancer. Have you had a long term, long standing soul throat, ear pain, changes in your voice? We get to that as a facial cancer. Now in terms of as a facial cancer, we're going to ask us for as a facial reference questions later on. We do have this facial already. What do you think? What question can you ask me for as a facial cancer? That is the next case we're going to discuss together. Have you ever vomited up blood? Have you ever vomited blood? Or have you ever vomited with blood in it? We're looking for hematemesis, one of your differentials. Again, the next case that we're going to discuss together. We're going to get down to just before I forget all our dark souls too. So bleeding from above, bleeding from below. At this point you'll be dark souls. We get to thyroid cancers. What thyroid cancers I'll ask about a neck lump? So we're going to ask for a blood lump. So any tree of a neck lump? Yes or no? I'll get to the second component. That'll be, I'll still ask the question. Just one question is enough. Any weather preferences? I think this is molding enough. And I'll just get to my lung cancer. That's the best example of a medicinal mass. Any cough? And if I want to ask a second question, have you ever coughed up blood? Well, I think this is enough. Ruled out a good number of specific cancers that I can give you this phase here. Okay, so what am I going to do beyond this? Number two, I'll put down infections just to get over them very quickly. If you have forgotten to ask fever, that there's always a chance that you've forgotten to ask your general GR questions fever. If you've forgotten to ask soar throat, this is your second chance to ask soar throat. Now guys, if I ever write down these questions twice, I don't mean you have to ask it twice, I'm just giving you a second moment that you remember, ooh, for that reason, I can ask it, I forgot it. Many of you are going to forget the fact that it is a overfiring usual cancer and the questions. Getting down, I want to start talking about strictures. Four strictures, I'll be asking about gastro-sophageal reflux disease. You're going to ask all the questions. So do you have any heartburn? The patient says yes. We're going to get to it in a second. If you ask him the next questions, any metallic taste, beta-tasting in your mouth, whichever one you like to use, do you have a sudden increase of saliva in one of the exams all over Mario? Yes. I might proceed further in this question. Okay, so you've had a heartburn, have you used any medications? And is it helping? And the patient has responded, yes, I take my lantern again. Yeah. Regarding helping or not helping, we'll look at the case and if it has been positive, I'll get to number four, motility problems. In terms of motility problems, let's make a big group of neuro problems. You know what questions you're asking. You know the differential as well as the nourishment deficit. All of them give you nourishment deficit. My standing gravis gives you a blaring of vision, multiple sclerosis stroke. You're looking for any weakness in your body, weakness in moving any part of your body, looking at any numbness or pins and needles in your body. Motor deficit, sensory deficit, blaring of vision. I think this is enough. I wouldn't go any further. You want to think about your autoimmune, your dermatology conditions. Again, if you look at the group of conditions, all of them have something in common and that is rashes. Yeah. Rashes and joint pains. So all of them usually have this in common as a general thing, I'll go rashes and joint pains. Now good, I've done this just to wrap up my structure. I'll go medication, so are you taking any medications? Yeah. And I like to do it over here. I'll give you the option to do it somewhere else. I'll do the group of medications and kind of the risk factors of gastroesophageal reflux and peptic ulcer together. So you're more than welcome to put it over here as a peptic ulcer disease and tell me I want to rule out all the risk factors. If you want to do it at the end, you can. So I'll ask medication, I'll ask alcohol. I'll look for the other risk factors too. Do you smoke? Have you ever smoked spicy food? Caffeine, coffee, tea, whatever you drink, all of these things? How is your like to call these substances? Anyway, the medication is a group of differential for itself. And at the end of it, I'll do a good closure. Any past medical history, maybe being a little bit more specific, history of diabetes, history of stroke, any family history of stomach problems, stomach and bowel problems. So as much as I'd love to make the list of differentials a little bit longer, I really don't have any other good question to add to this. Now let's just jump into the exam and see what has popped up in our exam that is quite interesting. This is version number one. So let's read it out together. The same time started six weeks or six months to be honest, I don't really care. So on and off, doesn't always happen. Yeah, I lost weight of lost six kilograms. I was a smoker, I stopped 10 years ago, just the same trick that AIMC loves to do to help where you ever a smoker, yes. I used to smoke before. I do drink alcohol. I have had a history of reflux. I've had it for a while now. I used to take my Atlanta for it, helping animal. And it's mainly solid food. So solid food sticks in my food pipe and I've been needing to take like soft food, semi-solid food to be able to swallow. Now you don't have any physical examination with these findings, what is your top diagnosis that you wanna make for me? Look at all three versions, make your diagnosis together, then we'll go and write it down. So a little bit obvious. You've had gastrozovasial reflux for a long time. So suddenly my Atlanta stops working. You have a red flag plus another red flag of thisphasia, top open list as aphasia cancer. Yeah. Now two months ago we get this one. This one is a little bit more interesting. Same findings, plus now they give you a physical examination code that is fully normal. What do you think now? What is your diagnosis now? This one was an interesting one. What is your diagnosis? Still as aphasia cancer. Yeah, and I know half the people on the day said, like, OPE was fine, I said as aphasia of stitches. You have red flags. A normal physical examination does not rule out cancer. I'm still very concerned about cancer in your case. You're losing weight. You have problem swallowing. You have a long term history of gastrozovasial reflux. Can be a structure. You have red flags. Still top differential is cancer. Which takes us to version number three. No red flags. Yeah. I've had hot, but I have that metallic taste. I eat spicy food and risk factors. I suddenly have that increase of saliva in my mouth, but no red flags, not at all. What is your diagnosis now? Yeah, all of you are right guys, but there's just one small problem. All of you are correct at this patient as gastrozozovasial reflux, is it? But question, does gastrozophacial reflux is cause swallowing difficulty? That kind of gives you the answer that I'm looking for. So what is the diagnosis of the swallowing problem? You tell me it is most likely as aphasial strictures secondary to the long term gastrozophacial reflux is that you've had. So the diagnosis is strictures because of reflux. Not exactly reflux, but just keeping that in mind. Now let's just go on, just write down these three cases together how you explain it to the patient. Again, in the case that you come down to the conclusion that, okay, my top differential, I take off red flags. No matter what happens in that case, you have taken off red flags. The only thing that will tell me it's not a cancer is a endoscopy result that there's nothing in this vagus. Yeah, that's the only thing that will tell me it's not as aphasial cancer. So again, being sensitive like book James today, I was considering different conditions, different conditions that cause, that cause difficulty in swallowing. Yeah. Now in your case, I'm as always, I'm still worried or I'm worried concerned about the possibility, about the possibility. So in your case, I'm worried concerned about the possibility of a as aphasial cancer. Now you're going to give me a very small explanation. This is a cancer in your food pipe. Yeah, that's your simple explanation. This is a cancer in your food pipe. That's all. But more importantly, I would like to explain the reasons for that. Now in terms of reasons, I do understand that you've had gastrozophasial reflux for a long time, long time. But even in case number one, it is getting worse. So you told me my Atlanta is not working anymore and it is getting worse. And with that, I identified some red flags. The red flags, the concerning features are you are losing weight. Yeah, you are losing weight. The symptom, the problem of not being able to swallow itself is a problem. And more importantly, your swallowing problem, your swallowing problem only happens with solid food. With solid food. That you can explain this a little bit further, which means something is blocking the food. So the fact that you told me your problem is only happening with solid food. I'm thinking there is a blocking, there's obstruction in your food pipe. And something is blocking the way of your food. And at this point, the other things that I was thinking about, I have a long, big list of other cancers that I'm thinking about. In this case, I'll take time to say each and everyone. I know as much as I tell you, it's one group of cancers. This case is a little bit different. Yeah. Gastric cancers of facial cancer, I'll tell you, will be one box. But I will look for other cancers of, for example, or for facial cancers, cancers in your throat, cancers in your thyroid, cancers in your lung can put pressure. I was thinking about strictures. The way that you explain strictures, strictures in simple words, is narrowing, narrowing in your food pipe. That's the easy way that I'll explain it. Because of a long term breath flux that I was thinking about, I was thinking about infections. And I was thinking about movement problems, movement problems of your food pipe. But at this point, you just want to give me groups. So my staining gravy, my multiple sclerosis, strokes, autonomic neuropathy, diabetic autonomic neuropathy, all of these can be one condition. Automino-romatology conditions, whichever one you like, systemic sclerosis, sclerodermas, shockwrens, whatever you want to add over here, acolyse here. And coming down again, medications can cause this. This is the complete list of differentials I was considering for these. Problem that you're having. Now, if you have version number two, just a quick one. This one was the one that had no red flags. And you had clear features of gastrozoffatial reflux disease. So in the beginning of the year, the patient volunteers have had reflux for a long time, apparently towards the end of the year. They start giving you symptoms of gastrozoffatial reflux. You just tell your patient that look most likely. Your problem is caused by strictures in the food pipe. So the most likely cause of your symptoms in difficulties following in GME is the fact that you have strictures in your food pipe. Now, you want to explain strictures maybe a little bit nicer in this case. These are scars. These are scars that are caused by long-term inflammation. By long-term inflammation. And narrow the food pipe. And narrow the food pipe. And block the food moving into your food pipe. So overall, I think the cause is strictures. Structures are scars. The scars are caused by the long-term inflammation and reflux that you've had. They usually narrow down your food pipe and this creates some problem in the food moving in your food pipe. In your differentials, just tell me one thing guys. In this case, what is differential number two? To wrap it up. Before you get to anything else, cancers. I was quite worried about the fact that it can't see a cancer. Can't see in your mouth and your throat or referential cancers. It can be a cancer in your food pipe. You can't see in your tired, like putting pressure on the food pipe. Cancer in your lungs, putting pressure on your food pipe. I did have other differentials in my mind too, like motility problems. You just run through the same list of differentials that you've done. So coming back over here. New case of 2025. Interesting case. Lovely case. This phase is always a little bit challenging. You will see it, I think, three times this year. I was still surprised that last time two months ago it became pilot because I was hoping it's scored. The second time was scored. But as long as you stick to a good structure, I think you'll be fine. I will just see how the case evolves for next year. But as long as the differentials are there, the concept that you are ruling out, the red flags and also defining the problem of your dysphagia being orferential as a facial end, which type of problem do you have obstructive or motility problems? The rest will be easy.