cases of the online exam, quite recent, 2023 and 2024, they have happened a number of times. The big difference of this cluster compared to the other abdominal pains that we've done so far is you will have them in young patients. So if you look at all of the previous cases that we've done together, most of them were mid-age to elderly group of patients and most of them 95% of your cases where I acute cases now we're going to talk about chronic cases. Cases that tell you I've had abdominal pain for a number of months and it's not getting better. So we'll start looking at this together. I'll call this the young cluster and we'll just have a chat about it. Now let's do case number one. You have a 16 year old boy. He's presented to your general practice, his complaining of abdominal pain. So you have abdominal pain in a very young patient and the idea is the fact that you don't know the acuteness or the chronic nature of this pain. You have to take a history when it came out in the online exam and if it comes out in the face-to-face exam obviously it's going to be for six minutes. Physical examination happened in the online exam. On a card you may still get a puffy. So in the online exam they used to put it on a screen. If they want to just drag that structure to a face-to-face exam they'll give it to you on a card. At this point when you hit your prompt time the exam gives you a piece of paper that all your examination findings are written on it. I'll show you what came up in the online exam. You need to expand your diagnosis and your two frontials. Now the way that I'm going to do this one I might ask you one question. By now you have a great structure. You don't want to change anything on that. You do have a great list of differentials. You don't want to change the concept of that. Imagine you start asking me general GI questions and you start getting a lot of GI symptoms in this case. So let's say this is how the case goes. In the Cicora you find out it's chronic, number of months. When you go into GI symptoms you find weird stuff. You find diarrhea, you find maybe constipation, maybe bloating. That kind of signifies the fact that okay the intensity of GI symptoms in this case. Maybe I want to expand my GI group. I want to expand my GI group. The first thing that you have to answer the first question are you going to skip red flag questions because this is a young patient and we don't expect the cancer? Their red flag questions are here because they are red flag questions not necessary for cancer. And again I'll say you're like I'll agree a 16 year old can I have a cancer but if you tell me 20 30s I still can be a cancer. But it's the questions that you ask the blood in the stool is the loss of weight appetite, problem tightness that also happens in other conditions. The second question that I want to ask you is in our structure we had cancers. We just did medications and surgery. So if you look at our previous cases that we've done our structure was formed around this that only cancers with general GI questions get to medication surgeries and we're done and let's move on to our next group. There's a few reasons that I want to expand on this expanding number one is I have six minutes of history taking. So these cases are all six minute history taking if you have a lot of time to take history. The second thing is that again they're young patients and I'm finding a dominance in GI symptoms. So maybe the reason that I'm talking so much is if you want to expand on your GI differentials for a young patient who has chronic abdominal pain let's do it together. What are your extra differentials that come to your mind? A young patient comes to me tells me I'm having abdominal pain or whatever side for a little bit of a long time. Yeah good. Top of my list I be the inflammatory bowel disease. This is the age that I expected to start becoming suddenly symptomatic. And celiac disease is good one. If you haven't been picked up earlier this is the age that I start getting problem. I'll put down celiac and lactose intolerance into one group. I just called them food allergies. Again separate stuff. What else? Teenager. Many of your psychogenic cases in AMCL teenagers and stuff psychogenic headache. We do in pediatrics, psychogenic abdominal pain. We do some where else. I'll call it irritable bowel syndrome at this point. A little bit beyond whatever. I'll call it IVS. Yeah. And now that we're getting here chronic versions of gastroenteritis and infections too. So the fact that travel is important for me and other questions that I want to ask. AMC has suddenly become a little bit interested in travel hepatitis cases and stuff. So these are the few things that I'll do a little bit extra in this case. But at the end of the day, what are the groups of my differentials? In this patient, I'll have a GR group of differentials. I will still have a KB group of differentials. Each and every KB differential can happen. Depending if I find the pain to be upper or lower that you usually just to give your heads up, you don't get a definite sight in these cases. In these cases you ask me first case, where's your pain? All over everywhere. And at this point means you have to ask me everything. But all of you know, upper pain, peptic ulcer, liver, all bladder problems, lower problems. You still want to think about the same pelvic problems and genitalia problems that we've talked about. So you can still have an open hand on what I tell you about it and take it forward. In terms of eating disorders, guys, for abdominal pain, I don't think it's a good differential. Unless you want to put it over here. Yeah. Eating disorders, I wouldn't necessarily put the abdominal pain for that. Again, if you think you want to put it down, that's still fine with me. Now, let's maybe do case number one together. It'll make a little bit of a sense when we drop into the case. So 16 year old guy with abdominal pain. Let's build our structure quickly, have a chat about it. A major component is going to be very similar. So, exactly, I just tell me the vitals. Let's make sure the guy is stable. So you please tell me about pressure, tell me pulse rate, tell me respiratory temperature, just to make sure we're all good. Now we'll go through an open-ended question. So how can I help you today, James? James will start giving you a statement. And on the statement, he kind of tells you that yeah, I've been having this pain in my stomach for a very long time. For a very long time. And I will be worried about it, doctor. It's not getting better. Okay, good. We have that bridging statement. We want to address your concern. We assure you empathy, build a rapport with you, understand your concern. But again, I'm here to help you. I'll need to ask you a few questions to get a bit of understanding about. So let's move on. We will explore the pain. In exploring the pain, our structure stands the same. Nothing different. So you ask the patient, can you tell me where do you feel the pain? This is where the case kind of gets a little bit tricky. It's all over my stomach. Look at them say everywhere. Yeah, it doesn't have a specific place. Yeah, okay. That makes it hard. But in a way, tell me the intensity of the pain scale. It want to tend to as your worst pain. One is the minimum pain least pain that you've had. How bad is your pain? Can you describe the quality of the pain? Is your pain dull? Sharp? How do you feel it? Go into the onset and the timing. So in terms of saying you've had it for a very long time. How long have you had it for? When did it start? Since it started. Is it on and off? Is it constant? Is it getting worse? Does it radiate anywhere? Does anything make better or worse? Nope, nothing. So tell me any specific position and specific food. I'll show you the finding just to confuse you a little bit further. These are your findings. So it's all over my stomach doctor. I'm not gonna give you a site. Yeah. I've had the pain for a few months now. Yeah, it is better when I lie in a fetal position. Does it make any meaning significant for you? What does that mean? Nothing. Yeah. And we'll get to the rest of the questions. In a second, there's no radiation. I haven't noticed anything else. Making it better or worse. So this case is different to all the previous cases. Because all the previous cases at the end of your CQRA, you had an idea about what you're dealing with. In one case, we said it's a right-up quadrant, right-low quadrant, left-up quadrant, epigastric pain. It's around the umbilicus. We kind of quickly came, okay, I want to do this. When you get to this, you're just thinking to yourself that, oh, I don't have any specific answer. So let's proceed. Other general GR questions first. And no one is worried about running out of time because you have six minutes. So let's go step by step. Any nausea, any vomiting? Do you feel bloated? Are you passing wind? Do you have any diarrhea? Do you have any constipation? And do you have any fever? Apparently, the role-play, the only thing that it gives you, yeah, have a little bit of nausea. Any vomiting? No. What about your stools? Any diarrhea, constipation? I'm not sure, doctor. Because if I tell you diarrhea, I'm gonna spoil the case, yeah, I'm not sure. It seems soft, but not diarrhea. Yeah. So it seems soft. So the only thing that I find in this case is, okay, nausea with no vomiting, not a diarrhea, but soft stools. Okay, I can still be normal. Let's go into our GR questions. GR group of differentials. I asked my general questions. Now I wanna ask my specific question. Specific group number one is my red flag. As always, these questions are critical and need to be asked. Question number one, are you losing weight? No. Any changes in your appetite? No. And lump sum bumps in your body? No. Are you feeling tight? No. Okay. Let's get a little bit more specific. Have you noticed any blood in your stools? You can just write down a big no over here. No. Okay. So no blood. If blood was positive again, would spoil the case very early on. No. Okay. What else can I ask you? Any changes in your bowel motion? In your bowel habits? So have you had any recent changes in your bowel habits? Tell me, any family, some of the cancers? So we've done this now. Now this is the part I wanna expand. Expand and go further into it. Now what would you ask me for inflammatory bowel disease guys? What questions do you wanna ask me further? Because you've asked me diarrhea, you've asked me blood in the stools. What are the extra things you wanna ask me? You can ask me because you're in the stool, if you're like, I'm not a big fan of asking it. You need to kinda start looking into extra intestinal symptoms of inflammatory bowel disease exactly. So when you start thinking about both ulcerative colitis and Crohn's, as all of you know, you do have the famous EIM manifestations, the extra intestinal outside of the bowel. So although they are, they are inflammatory bowel disease. All of you are familiar with the different versions of our tritis state who get that's why we're gonna ask a joint pain. All of you are very familiar with the uvalitis that these guys get. We're gonna ask them vision problems. They will get famous versions of rashes. Their team in the do some is famous. Rash will talk about it in a second. And they will get, live a call about a problem soon. They usually doesn't give you a good question to ask on history taking. So by this point, just a reminder for yourself, die of re-emblooding the stool or ticked off. Just for the personalized and that's red faxia. You wanna ask me blood in the stool. Tell me, any joint pain that you have? Any blaring of vision? Any rashes? Yeah? Just a few extra intestinal questions. If you wanna go further, I wanna know about mouth ulcers. Another feature that you wanna ask for just to give you a pack of extra intestinal symptoms. Now second thing, saliac disease. For saliac disease, what are the questions that you wanna ask me? What would you like to ask me for saliac? Yeah. Yeah, good. I usually like to ask this question because I personally tell you guys that if anyone asks me as a role play, are you on a special diet or shoot you down? I hate that question. Because a person will be on a special diet that you mean a gluten-free diet who has already been diagnosed with saliac disease and has been told to be on a gluten-free diet. Does that make sense to you? A patient that doesn't have a diagnosis of saliac. Are you on a special diet? What does that, doesn't make sense here? Now, the question that you wanna ask him, you've already asked him diarrhea, he asked the patient, do you have greasy stools? Now the term of greasy stools make sense to you as a doctor because you say like there's an increase amount of fat in that stool and that is why I'm asking greasy stools. The patient says like, I don't know. What if I've never gone and analyzed my stools to see if it's greasy or not, which takes you to the characteristics of the stool that you ask lame and term in a patient. What are the characteristics of a greasy stool? So does it stick to a pan? Why does it stick because you have a lot of fat in it? Does it float on water? Because it has a lot of fat in it. Is it hard to flush? Yeah, and again, these are not my questions. Muta has it, your handbook has it. This is the simple lame and way of asking if a patient has greasy stools in a saliac disease. But I would agree. We have any family issue of both inflammatory bowel disease or saliac disease, both for any other bowel problems. Now, we've done this together. Let's come down lactose intolerance. It's still a good one. Yeah, you definitely want to ask it. So is the pain, is the pain triggered by dairy products, by eating dairy products, milk, cheese, and stuff like that? I'll still expand on this group of differentials, maybe the next differential that I want to rule out is gastroenteritis. Now, for gastroenteritis, I'm mainly thinking about chronic infections. I've already asked about fever, I've already asked about diarrhea, bloating, nausea, vomiting. What key questions you want to ask me over here? Travel history, have you had any travel lately? Maybe, you know, all the patients, I'll ask occupation. I'm trying to get something to it. You can talk about GI problems and stuff. And pushing it down, if I want to go further, in this case, I'll go ideas. But especially in a young person, I'm going to go stress. So we're going to just do a mini social assessment of your stress level. So can you describe your home situation, who do you live with? This is a mini-head assessment that we do. Same heads that we did in psychiatry. That was a social assessment. You're doing a small head assessment over here. Now, who do you live at home? How's your relationship and your stress is at home? Second one is the work or study, any stress is at work or school or university or whatever the age of your patient is. Now, I think this is enough. Let's see where we go after this. Number two, I'm still thinking about K, we conditions. Same questions. You know the questions by now. Any pain or burning on passing, urine? Are you going to the toilet to pass you in more frequently? Have you noticed any blood in your urine? So nothing new. Now, answer my question. Dispression I told you, my pain is all over my stomach. Where else do you want to look into? Yep, and you do have the time. I might ask even Peptic also, in gastroesophacial reflux, these questions. Yeah. I might even ask a few questions for liver and gallbladder. We're really going to get differentials in a case that you don't have to be exact side to it. You already know the questions. I'll ask a few risk factors. So, do you take spicy food, medications in the 16 years of age or an ask alcohol? Spicy food, coffee, these kinds of stuff. So, you take any specific medication, any specific food, like spicy food, do you drink coffee tea? You're a young person, any drinks? Tell me, maybe one or two questions. Do you have any heartburn? Be the taste in your mouth. Yes or no, just get it done. Many yellowish discoloration of your skin, maybe just one question. Let's go to the next one, gallbladder, any previous episodes of pain after large meals. And if I want to rule out one of my other differentials in this group, which differential, although it doesn't match your chronicity of this pain, what is the one of those other differential that matches this case very well? Dabetic atastos. Yeah, that you want to ask about polydipsy and polyurea. You do have the case of polydipsy, diabetic atastidosis, that doesn't come exactly. It comes with a combination of abdominal pain, vomiting, and everything, pediatrics. We'll talk about it today. And tiredness that you have to do, do it in another way. This is my approach to this case. I rule out all my differentials. Again, in such a case, I would like you to use your entire time and rule out all your differentials. So up to the history taking, we didn't know what the case is. Very vague. The case has been designed vague on purpose. If I would have told you the typical findings, you would find the findings. But let's go physical examination. This is what they gave you on physical examination. So they gave you a card or they gave you it on the screen to you. And they told you that abdominal examination completely normal. No tenderness, no mask, no nothing. There's a weird rash on both legs, nodules, tender, two centimeters and red. Exactly. What is this rash, guys? Kind of a very famous rash. This is your famous Erithema Nadozo. Erithema Nadozo. Now one of the rashes that pops up a lot in your osuke exams. Now remember it's like this. It is Erithema. So it is red. It is Nadozo. Nodules. What was the difference of nodules with papules? Nodules are raised and they are hard. They have a hard core. So next time if you ever get to see this patient, definitely touch the nodule. Usually this, especially Erithema Nadozo, I've seen it only in ladies, the flesh is very soft and fluffy. When you touch the leg, you touch this nodule. It's extremely hard. You can clear if, ooh, okay, this is a nodule. It is tender. It is raised. It is red only in the legs. This is a typical description of Erithema Nadozo. Now Erithema Nadozo, a very common presentation of IBDE. I was used to talk about it a long time ago in the online exam until I came out in medicine. In the physical exam, that usually happens in IBDE. What is the second condition that gives you? Erithema Nadozo. If you ever want to change in the future, it's going to come in that case. Better than that. Young lady, coughing. Erithema Nadozo on her leg. Socrates. Socrates is famous, second differential that you want to kind of remember. That's why whenever you see Erithema Nadozo, you always love to run a chest, where you just see you're not missing anything. This answers the question, guys, of why is this case giving you vague symptoms? Why didn't they give me diarrhea? Why didn't they give me blood? Because if I wouldn't, would have given you a bloody chronic diarrhea, abdominal pain in the young patient, even if you don't understand what Erithema Nadozo is, your diagnosis will still be IBDE and doesn't kind of serve the purpose of running this case. So let's quickly run through the diagnosis of this case. We're going to tell this patient that, look, you have a condition called symmetry bowel disease. Inflemetry bowel disease. Now, we want to explain it simple. Shorts to your pit, the same concept I would kind of decided to do in all cases together. I have an autoimmune statement, autoimmune statement that I do for all my autoimmune conditions. It's the same for me always. Look, this is an autoimmune condition. Look, James, this is an autoimmune condition, which your immune system, attacks the bowels, attacks the bows, and creates inflammation, and creates inflammation in the bowels. So this is an autoimmune condition. This means your immune system activates against your own body and in your case, it is activating and attacking your bowels. And this creates some inflammation in the bowel that we call inflammatory bowel disease. The reasons that I'm making this diagnosis is you've had a pain for a long time. You do tell me that your stool is a little bit soft, so we do expect this condition gives you diarrhea. You don't necessarily have diarrhea, but the only last good reason that I have is I found a rash on your legs. That is called every team in the dozoom and happens in inflammatory bowel disease. So that was the main reason that I was able to make this diagnosis apparently on history, even your extra intestinal symptoms are not there. Just to kind of keep you in the blank before you get the physical examination. In terms of differentials, nothing different to what we've done. I want GI group of differentials. I want KUV group of differentials. I want other differentials like upper differentials, and I want other differentials. The only thing that I might put into this is the chronic nature of it. So for example, I don't want to hear appendicitis in this case. I don't want to hear appendicitis. I'll hear better things. In terms of GI conditions, inflammatory bowel disease, salioic disease, lactose intolerance, gastroenteritis, infection in your bowel, irritable bowel syndrome. The rare unlikely event of having a cancer in the bowel, and a lot of things against it, next case is 20, so maybe I'll mention it. KUV, urinary tract infection, sometimes stones in the kidneys or in your bladder can cause this. Sometimes peptychosis is my give you pain, sometimes problems with your gallbladder, like a biliricolic, can look like this. Other conditions, sometimes diabetic atastosis, again, more of acute condition can give you this. And this will be my list of differentials. So in terms of structure, very similar to what we've done so far together, nothing different. Keeping in mind young, chronic, maybe I'll do a little bit more GI. Everyone all good with this? Sarkoidosis wouldn't necessarily give you abdominal pain for tima. So I'm not making a list of differentials for it every time I do some. I'm making a list of differentials for abdominal pain. No, rugged. So obviously diabetic atastosis cannot be chronic. You are right. So, and I'm likely differential here because of the chronic nature of the pain is diabetic atastosis. Keep it in mind just for the purpose of if I want to give you a DKA case, this is a stem. Yeah, this is the stem that you'll get in a 16 year old boy. Now let's quickly rush to a second one that we want to do together. Now we then, after a few months, got this case. So your patient now is a 22 year old guy, comes to your general practice. He has abdominal pain for six months. So I can't see it is very clearly mentioned in the stem for you. You don't even need to go in and ask it. In the stem tells you this is a chronic abdominal pain in a young patient. And he saw his regular doctor two weeks ago an examination is normal. The reason that I think this statement is there because this was a case in your online exam and they're not giving you any task or physical examination that kind of creates some difficulties in making diagnosis. In a way, I'm telling you that physical examination is normal because I've had a pain for six months, two weeks ago I checked out. I was examined, everything was fine. So there's no masses, there's no tenderness, there's nothing on the examination. Take your history for six minutes, explain your diagnosis with your reasons. We're going to apply the same structure. So nothing different. I'll just write down the steps again. Quick intro. I'm not going to do hemodynamic stability, explore the pain. Nothing different. Differentials. I'm not going to forget red flags. So definitely still doing all the red flags. Irrespective of what case whatever situation I have. And I'm going to expand a little bit more on my GI. So you expand more on your GI and that kind of gives out the case that let's get the findings together. So these are your findings. I have a terminal pain. Where's the site all over my stomach? Okay, so for the second time you're not going to be me a site. So let's go. Is there anything that makes it better or worse here? I've noticed when I eat past them, bread it does get worse. Hmm, good. So nausea, vomiting, bloating. Yes, I'll get bloating. I'm passing wind. The rear constipation, yep, I have loose tools. By this point, I'm definitely thinking whatever's going on, it's definitely the GI. Even if I don't know it's salioctasis. Bloting, loose tools, pain. I definitely want to look into the GI. So do you have any blood in it? No. We ask IBD questions negative. You get the salioct. So describe your stool. For me, the I have greasy stool. They're a little bit bulky. They smelly. They're hard to flush. You get the IVS. There is no stress and interest in your past medical history that you find out that he is anemic and is on iron supplements. What's the significance of this? What does it signify for you? Anemia in this case. It's just telling you like this patient has a malabsorption and it's having iron deficiency anemia. Again, we're going to do the iron deficiency anemia case tomorrow. In that case, we're going to go through it together that one of the differentials malabsorptions of IBD and salioctases that you get iron deficiency anemia. So, keely easily kind of matches a case of salioctases. You just go over here and you just start explaining salioctases to the patient. You have a condition called salioctases. Now, we want to explain this. We want to be a little bit fast and careful with how we explain it because explaining it might be a little bit challenging. All of you know salioctases, it's kind of a gluten sensitivity, a gluten allergy in one way that you have it. So, you want to go step by step. You quickly tell the patient that look gluten is a protein or particle in wheat, rye, barley and oat, just a few of them. You are sensitive. You can still use the word allergic. You are sensitive or your boughs are sensitive or allergic to gluten. And after eating food that contain gluten, food that contain gluten, you get an inflammation in your boughs. In your boughs, and this is what we call salioctases. Again, gluten is a protein that we find in this and that. Again, your boughs are sensitive to this protein and whenever you take your food that contains gluten kind of suddenly creates inflammation in your boughs. Let's do the reasoning of my diagnosis. The reason is a few things. First of all, you've had a pain for a long time. So, that's what we started on. Secondly, the triggers of your pain. So, when you told me that past the bread, trigger your pain, we do know that these are food that contain gluten, significant amount of gluten. The next thing that I made the diagnosis was the characteristics of your stools. So, when I asked you about your stools, you told me you have like a bulky, smelly, hard to flush, hard to flush and lose stools. And that is one of the main reasons that I have made these diagnosis. So, you wrap it up with a salioctase disease and you move on to differentials. We'll be the same as we've done previously. I was thinking about other problems in your boughs, inflammatory bowel disease, gastroenteritis, lactose intolerance. I was thinking about irritable bowel syndrome, this and that. I was looking at kidney irritable, KUB problems, urine infections, this and that. I was looking at peptych also disease, BLE recall, diabetes, cathodosis and these kind of conditions. And you wrap it up. So, I wouldn't say it's really different cases that we need to worry about, but there were hard cases to pass when they came out initially. So, just keep it at the end of your structure because when you look at the list of acute abdomen that you have, 95% of your cases are acute abdomen, kind of typical with approaching it like that. You do have the small few cases that came as chronic. I think we just did one in adults, we did a few that are young. If you get a young patient, chronic pain, it is in the stem. The only thing that I want you to remember, please don't forget to expand on your GI differentials. As long as you keep that in mind, nothing passes in these cases will be as easy as the other cases.