Let's have a chat about gastroesophageal reflux disease counseling. I know I should do it in the counseling workshop, but because it kind of gets linked to your cases of abdominal pain and shear, I'd like to do it over here, especially because you have a small history taking component for this. You have a 35-year-old man who's presented to complaining of worsening heartburn for several months. Very similar to your hand, but case we're going to look at it together. And the endoscopy has been already done, so we've done our upper GI endoscopy and is showing the problem of this case that you have a small sliding height as hernia. You do have esophageitis, important for you that there is no ulcerations and we've already checked for etch parlor that it is negative and there is no features of barit's esophagus. The metaplastic malignant version of esophageitis that you concern then you take biopsies for. That's number one, explain results to the patient. So you're going to go through obviously endoscopy results to explain to the patient what is a fasciitis means, what you have and what you don't have. Take a relevant history that will obviously be a very short specific or if you want to call the focus history. This is an old case. I'm not sure how they're going to give you a prompt time for this one, but maybe if I want to do it, I'll give you guys something like four or five minutes for the first two tasks. So we have had mini-bells in the face-to-face exam before that they tell you for the first two tasks you have five minutes, you will be given a prompt time for example at five and then you know you have to wrap it up if you are the two tasks. Explain your diagnosis that is very obvious, but you want to also explain the complications of gastroesophageal reflux that all of you know and explain the management plan. Maybe one of the things that I want to talk about together is the management plan that again is very obvious. So this is one of your handbook cases that is still happening in the exam over and over again they love it. Interestingly some people fail it although it should be very straightforward and very specific. Let's look at the handbook together just to see what the handbook says then pull it to our case and look at therapeutic guidelines. So the same case, I don't know condition one four two that the patient had worsening heartburn, had water brush. After this you've done an endoscopy, you see that heart as hernia, he has asophageitis with some ulceration. Now the ulceration is a problem because if I give you ulceration you'll have to ask me more questions on history, you'll have to make need to do a few extra things on the management too. But in the exam so far there has been no ulcerations. And the gastroesophageal junction has been demonstrated as the photo given to you. I haven't heard the photo being given in this case so if you have it good, if you don't still find and you kind of have made the diagnosis that this patient has asophageitis. In the case in the handbook because you don't have a history taking goes on further through the risk factors of gastroesophageal reflux and the same as peptic ulcer disease. But the guy smokes, the guy drinks, the guy's on medication, he uses aspirin and everything you need to kind of confirm has risk factors for this condition. So now that we look at this case, when you have a very focused, short, relevant history this means ask us key points of this condition. This is not a case to go in, explore any complaint or anything, you just want to find the things that impact your management and use it on your management plan. Moving forward, the patient, the role player has been told to give you that I'm overweight. Yeah, so how would you ask that question? Hopefully no one wants to go into the exam, ask the patient, what is your BMI? Call your friend asking what is your BMI? He'll tell you what the hell is a BMI. Yeah, what do you expect the AMC role player to tell you? Just ask the patient, are you overweight? Is it offensive? You need to know. You're a doctor. I don't find it offensive if you do. I'm asking another way. We do have a, we want to have a chat about that height as early on. That'll ask you a very important question, but you smoke, you drink, you take aspirin, and if the doctor starts discussing alternative treatments for the migraine in any detail, you tell them that that is not the purpose of this case. Yeah, that is not a significant problem. I don't want to hear about that. Tell me how you treat gases of facial reflux today. And you don't want to listen to that. So let's go forward. You should give non-formical, school advice to the patient. So one component of your management is the non-formal management that we do for asophagiities, peptic ulcer, and also gastroesophage over reflux. In all the non-formal, all of you know the dietary ones. Let's coffee, let's see, let's caffeine, let's visit drinks, let's smoking, let's alcohol, but don't forget about losing weight. The interesting one that losing weight will always help with a range of your GI problems. You do explain that asophagiities is reversible. I wouldn't say it's not serious, but it is reversible. That's why we want to talk about complications and why it's important to treat it because if you leave it, obviously chronic inflammation will turn into cancer. Question, you have a higher tussle ania. So part of your stomach has slipped between your diaphragm and is in the chest cavity. Does that cause asophagiities? Does that cause asophagiities? Yes or no? Or do you think yes or no? Oh wait for everyone, yes or no? You're going to ask yourself this question in the exam if there is an answer right now. The answer is it's not causative. So not causative. The fact that someone will have high tussle ania, although this is a very controversial vague thing because I'll tell you the next thing about it, it's not a cause of asophagiities, gastroesophage or reflux and such, but can make it worse. Does that make sense? So you're not going to tell the patient you have asophagiities because you have a hernia. You have a hernia. Really not related to that. My make it worse might be associated, but doesn't have anything with you having asophagiities. So we're not going to treat it as such. And your handbook tells you the same. That look cause of the symptoms, there is an association with the hernia that is not causative. And that's a very vague sentence. So now everyone understands what that means. So it might make your symptoms worse, but definitely not the cause of your asophagiities and what I'm seeing on your endoscopy. What are the complications? You may have ulcers that in the exam you still don't have. You may have bleeding from that, anemia, strictures and narrowing and rupture and cancer. That's the main things that you want to tell him as the complications. Let's look at the handbook where in general you want to give that patient a PPI. Yeah. If I ask you a funny question or an interesting question, will you give that patient like routine, easy antiasits, like Gaviscon Marlanta, this patient? No. The fact that you have asophagiities confirmed with a endoscopy, you heat it up with a PPI. So we're going to look at a more detailed management of asophagiities later on. So smoke in cessation, weight reduction, your general advice, have a light meal in the evening, avoid spicy food, coffee chocolate, avoid drinking water or fluids with your meal. Just the elevation of the head of the bed may help. We can stop aspirin for now looking to alternative options, but I'm not going to talk about it today. This is the same question that you asked me in other cases. Amir, you stopped the COC. Should I explain what I give him today? That's not the purpose of the case of a migraine counseling. Yeah. Tell her I'll see you later for the alternative. Today I want to talk about another thing for you. And you cannot then talk about the role of surgery. That can be mentioned, but not an option at this stage. If things get worse and worse, so if you have a massive asophagiitis, castors, asophagiorephlox disease, all of you know the surgery that we're going to look at at the end. And usually we do a repeat and doscopy that we'll look at the frequency together. Now, you are counseling this patient, so you definitely want to talk about red flags. The patient has asophagiitis at any point. It might be also a cancer, so you want to tell her what to look for. If you're having difficulty in swallowing pain, on swallowing, you have the oxygen, you're losing weight, you definitely come back to me. Again, just to emphasize that it is probably that most hiatus hair and ears do not cause symptoms. You want to be a little bit clever in the way that you talk about it, but what I'll make very clear in the exam, just to make it very clear to the examiner, is the hair and ears not the cause of your symptoms. I would have necessarily go into the associations and the stuff. I'll just tell them like you have a hair and ear, this is a hair and ear, but it doesn't mean that it has caused your symptoms, doesn't have anything to do with that. And the handbook says that you want to do too early and those copy examinations for a patient who has esophageitis with no metaplegia. But the fact is, again, you'll just mention fallout. There is no strict number for this or just esophageitis. I'll say everyone to two years, we may need to fallout and just see how the severity is going. And just in case nothing helps, you're gonna go for the surgery, that is your famous fund application. Now, let's get a little bit more detailed about this topic because we usually are not good at treating cancer as a facial reflux disease and how we make decisions on what medication to give to who. In terms of gastroesophage, your reflux, the main symptom, the cardinal symptom is heartburn and the water pressure and the symptoms that you get. But we have already talked about a typical symptoms. What are a typical symptoms? We didn't medicine chapter one together. What was the case that we did together? Coff. Yeah, we did talk about cough, sometimes even a laryngeal symptoms, the hostness of your voice. Dental problems, sleep disturbance, chest pain, all of these can be the atypical extra-resophageal symptoms that you wanna remember. And again, AMC has used it in cough, so you wanna just keep that there. Initially, you trial diet and lifestyle modification just to make that clear, you give them dietary advice. You have to be specific on it. I don't want you to take away food, fatty food, no alcohol, nothing that has caffeine in it. Coffee, tea, coke, chocolate, energy drinks. And then tomato products, citrus products, and spicy food, fizzy drinks, caffeinated drinks, all these are out of it. I usually make joke out of it, all the good things of life. You have to stop. I'm a big fan of chocolate and coffee and everything. So all the good stuff you have to give it up. Weight loss is the one that you will tend to forget that I want you to remember. But in terms of your general advice, merely eating smaller portions, eating slowly, avoid lying down, avoid eating too, before sooner than two to three hours, before bedtime. The positional therapy device, we're just raising the head of your bed and stopping smoking. So these are the few things that I want you to remember. But again, if I want you to just memorize one please, I'll forget losing weight because I'm assuming that all of you remember the general advice that all of you know well. Now, if you do have severe moccosal disease, we have to go up to PPI, no doubt. If you have a patient who has as a fragility, such, and you do have moccosal disease of all situations or without all situations, you're already at the level of giving that patient PPI. Then you can choose your favorite. Again, Omipresil, Esomipresil, Pantherpresil, Lensipresil, whichever Presil you like. Just memorize one that I'm sure all of everyone knows Omipresil. We'll give you Omipresil, but the purpose of a patient who having as a fragility and all this and stuff is high dose PPI. So you're not gonna give them 20 milligrams daily, you're gonna give it 12 milligrams twice a day and kind of smash it with the highest dose that you have. Now, but overall, let's have a chat about the management of gastroesophacial reflux disease. You just have to ask yourself one question, how would I decide how to treat my patient, who has gastroesophacial reflux symptoms or as a fragility? It depends on frequency and severity of symptoms. So the way that is at least Australian guidelines do it, they tell you you either have a patient who has mild intermittent symptoms. Many of us have reflux, yeah, once in a while, whenever you have that spicy curry, yeah, but you don't have it at the other day. So that's a mild intermittent. You have the guy who has frequent symptoms every day or very severe symptoms. Has the pain, has the reflux, has other features like coughing and stuff, that is your severe symptom. So that is your differentiating factor in how you manage it. Your aim of your treatment is controlling the symptoms. There is a new concept in this I will talk about. If you're having a mild and intermittent, what do you give them first? You give them the stupid anti-acids. And the ones that we looked at the other day. Quickies, mild anti-gavis, the ones that are over the counter, you can go purchase it yourself, find and script. Just tell them go pick up anti-acid, you'll be fine, take it for a few days. The interesting thing is it's tabla liquid and such, sachets, but interesting is the liquid works the best. It's a efficacy, funny enough. And just in case anti-acids do not help, you step it up. So if you give your patient myelanta, myelanta doesn't help, you step it up to your regular issue blockers. Yeah. We've had problems in the recent years with rannity din, that might some of you might know as your favorite one. I remember when I came to Australia suddenly, it kind of was taken off the shelf because there was a contamination or something. I'm seeing rannity din now again on the shelves, but that's why we usually stick to the pharmaceutical din as the available option to Australia. Or if you want to do nizzatidin, but the pharmaceutical din is the more famous one. So that's in case you want to mention the medication name. And if the patient with mild in terms, and symptoms is not responding to your issue blocker, then your next step is PPI's. So in a mild in term-itern case, that is not your case index exam, you start with your regular anti-acids. But I would rather just memorize myelanta instead of memorizing I don't know, magnesium, whatever, the carbonate or whatever. If that doesn't help, you need a issue blocker, family to din, if that doesn't help, whatever PPI you're happy to do. This takes us to the next one that, with PPI's, this is something that you'll need for your exam. When should the patient take it? Ideally, you want the patient to take it before me. So you wanted to work to suppress the acid production before you eat, because that's the trigger for it. And you always want to ask the patient to come back if it's ineffective, because you can always jack up and step up your treatment. Now, if you have gastroesophageal reflux disease, now we're starting to talk about the more severe symptoms. PPI's are usually pivots. So if you have a severe frequent symptom, you just want to go on PPI's from the beginning, because you know, H2 blockers is not going to help, you know the anti-acids are not going to help, you start from PPI. So that's easy in our exam, we just go to PPI's. This is the answer to the question, and you should I still mention myelanta in the exam? You have as a phagiotis, you're done, you're giving them PPI's, you're not giving them anything else. First answer. For adult patients who have typical symptoms and no alarm symptoms, we usually do a trial of PPI, but if they don't respond, we send them for endoscopy anyway. In our exam, the endoscopy has been done. Regarding PPI's, this is a funny question. Will you tell the patient to take PPI's in the morning or at night? But in the chat box, what do you usually tell your patients when you treat them? Yeah, many good references in the world say morning, but anyway, if the symptoms mainly occur during day, you tell them take it before breakfast. If you have a patient who usually has symptoms towards the end of the day, you should tell them take it towards the evening and night before sleeping if it's sleep-related symptoms. A very important question. How long do you continue PPI's? I sound a little bit weird for you. Oh, so if you have a patient, this is not a patient who's done endoscopy yet. If you have a patient just with symptoms, no red flags, I want to treat them. I'll give them PPI's for a full month. I don't tell them two, three days, one week, two week. You take it at least for four weeks time or eight weeks time. Then I'll see you. I'll see you inside about what we want to do together. But the new concept that is nice to know, not sure if AEMC will ever use it on you guys, but very relevant to this case, we can still talk about it in our counseling, is you need a maintenance plan. So question, is PPI a safe medication? All of you have it at home, all of you just pop it. Yeah, I tell you how patients, oh, I'm a prison, I'm not concerned about anything. It is not always a very safe medication. So what are your problems with PPI's? Let me just go forward. In long-term chronic use, you do have the risk of nephritis, kidney. Yeah, you do have increased risk of pneumonia, you have magnesium problems, you do have increased risk of fracture in all people, you do have increased risk of other GRI problems and infections. So this kind of brings up a new concept that we're talking about, especially in Australia, there's a big fuss about it for you, GPs, you're not gonna, if you're gonna prescribe high dose pantoprosyl for your patient, Medicare asks you to call them and grab a coat, or authority coat, yeah, why did they do that? You wanna reconsider the indication of PPI in each and every visit. So the concept that we wanna talk about is they call it the step down therapy. So I came to you, I had gastroesophageal reflux, you gave me pantoprosyl good, my symptoms are better, we used it for four weeks, perfect. Now question is, are you going to tell me you use pantoprosyl forever? No, you will attempt to step it down because you don't want risk side effects and problems with the PPI. So if the initial PPI provides adequate symptom control therapy, then should be titrated down or continued at the lowest dose and frequency as possible. Stopping the PPI suddenly without a gradual reduction will be a problem. You suddenly get the symptoms come back, so you prefer to do it one step it down rather than completely stop it. This is the plan that we usually make for them. And how do I step down? Half the dose. If you have a high dose, parents are taking for example, as on my personal 20 twice a day, make it once a day. Yeah, make it alternate days. So I don't take it every other day and then step it down to a PR and use. Have your PPI with you, whenever you have symptom, I'm happy for you to take it for a day or two, but not regularly. Yeah, it depends how severe the problem in your patient is and again, symptoms may vary over time. I have an exam, I'm drinking a lot of red pools, obviously my symptoms are gonna be worse than I may need to step it up at that point. So you're just gonna kind of play up with your treatment, but the idea is step it down to the minimal, effective dose to control the symptoms. And this is the thing that we talk about a lot and this is the lovely thing that you have on NPS, that if your symptoms, if you give them our PPI, the symptoms are well controlled, maybe use a lower dose or lower frequency. If it's well controlled, make it PR and if it's well controlled for another four weeks, stop it and see how you go. But if you for example made it PR and then the symptoms came back, step it back up. So again, minimal, effective dose. And yeah, I thought it's nice to just talk about that, but if I wanna start wrapping the case up, we've talked about people who have moccosal disease, you wanna treat them with high dose PPI's, with people with extra-resofacial symptoms, it might be interesting for you that we go high dose PPI's, yeah, we go high dose, if you have cough because of good, we wanna hit it hard. And just in case the patient doesn't get better, at the end of the day, you can do that famous fund application surgery that all of you know what you do, you kinda wrap up the stomach around itself just to give up, better, think the, and that's kinda all I have to tell you. Just one last topic, AMC has never asked this from you, but because they changed the cases all over, I'm just concerned if they suddenly tell you edgebother is positive. If I tell you edgebother is positive, tell me two things that you wanna do for this patient plus the regular management that we do together. So you did that endoscopy, you do have as a physiognitis, you do have a lovely edgebother positive, what do you wanna do for them? Yeah, as a first line, you do our triple treatment, so the triple treatment, as all of you know, easy way to remember it, I use that, you can memorize ACE, or the C-A-2, I'm a Marquet-Feeder-Mess, so you wanna do AMOXI, Claritor-Mysine, and S-Omer-Brasil. In Australia, we do have a certain pack of pills that comes in one pack, we just call it HP7, because you use it for seven days usually, and it's AMOXI, and you don't need to know that those are PPI and a second antibody that Claritor-Mysine. You first do the triple treatment, if they don't respond to this, you refer for the quadruple treatments, because H-bother is usually a little bit resistant. Now question, you treated H-bother, what do you tell me to do afterwards? Well, you do afterwards, you check for eradication, if you wanna be cool, you kinda do a test of cure. Now, to test for H-bother, you do have a range of tests that you can do, you can surgery, UBT, fecal tests, do a test with endoscopy, which one is the best if you're not doing endoscopy? The best one will be a urob reftist, and that's why we like urob reftist, because urob reftists can also be used as a test for eradication, the rest of them can't surgery, obviously no fecal antigen, we don't like to do that, and doing endoscopies is not that easy, that's who endoscopy to make sure we've treated your HP parlorate. So I would choose UBT over the other ones, as you're favorite way that you do it. The next question that you'll ask me, outside of the case, when do we do H-bother testing guys? What is the indication? G-grease, symptoms, symptoms or concerns? Yeah, and it gets a little bit funny, this Pepsi-A as a symptom. But this Pepsi-A doesn't have any meaning, it means bloating in digestion, heaviness, not digesting food properly, upper abdomen, open all of these eye and digestion. You can do H-bother for all of them, but if you have had a peptic also disease, you definitely want to look for H-bother, because it increases the risk of your cancers. If you have first degrees with stomach cancer, patients have already treated with cancer, or other weird situations, you do check for H-bother. But anyway, that was a big discussion. Let's go back to our case. Now, this case should be very easy to pass. There's just a few small problems that hopefully we've answered in our discussion. Task number one, let's start explaining the results to the patient. Let's quickly read it again. You do have a higher test here, and yeah, you have to tell them what it is. You tell me it's not causative. You do have as a fragilist, you have to explain it in simple terms. There is no alteration in the exam. This has been happening since 2017. No H-pilot, we know Barrett as a vagus. So let's go there. And you want to just remind yourself guys, four tasks. Yeah, so a little bit faster than usual. I'm not going to sit down and explain it in those copy for five minutes, just to leave myself with three minutes for my next retast. If you want to quickly go through this station, you still go in. Your task is explaining investigation as your first thing. I'll start with open and that question. I don't care how you do it as long as they start the story. How can I help you today, Jenny? Oh, can you tell me what has happened so far because I can see some stuff has been happening? She starts telling you the story that, yeah, I had a heartburn. I had this taste in my mouth and the doctor saw me. We had this endoscopy test. And I've just here to see what's happening to me. And you can reassure her if she expresses any concerns, but you tell her like, look, okay, I have a results with me. I have your results with me. Now, let's start explaining it with each other. First, you want to tell me what endoscopy is. You want to kind of keep it lame in turn before you go there. You tell her that we have done, we have done an endoscopy for you, endoscopy for you, and pass the camera, pass the camera down your food pipe, down your food pipe. To take a look, to take a look at your food pipe, that is the same as a vagus in laymen terms and your stomach. This is what we've done. So this is what the endoscopies. Now, the next thing that I'll start explaining is there's a vagiaries. So what is there as a vagiaries? So we did see some inflammation, some inflammation in your food pipe, in your food pipe, which we call as a vagiaries. Simple, short, time efficient and stupid. Everyone agrees? What else do you want to tell me about as a vagiaries? Just inflammation in your food pipe. The next thing that you want to tell me is the findings that came with that. There is no ulcers. There is no baritice as a vagus. So you kind of want to explain that, that you tell her that although we found inflammation, there was no ulcers. There was no ulcer in your food pipe or your stomach. And we also checked for cancerous changes. We also checked for cancerous changes. And we didn't find any. You can still tell me that cancerous changes that we call barits as a vagus, but we didn't find any cancerous concerning findings. And I'll just skip the explanation that we've taken some samples, biopsies under the microscope or whatever. There is no features of cancers. Now, you want to push it forward. Tell me the next finding that will be your high tusseria. You first have to explain what it is and then what is the relation. So in explaining this challenging one, what do we do? You tell the patient that we did see, we did see a high tusseria in this condition, in this condition, the top of your stomach, the top of your stomach or the upper portion of your stomach, slides through the muscle, which divides the chest and the abdomen, which we call the diaphragm. As much as I tell you, please do not draw, this is something that you can draw. This is one of the only things that in AMC that I'll pick up my pen, let me draw it for you because it will help me explain it better. So if anyone asks me, will you draw whenever it helps my explanation? Only one that I'll do is this one, nothing else. And I always make a joke how you're going to draw a migraine meningitis for me, doesn't make much of a sense. So we did see a high tusseria, let me draw it for you. I'm not good at drawing guys, so sorry about that. If this is your chest, we have a muscle that divides your chest from your abdomen and you do have your food pipe and your stomach here. In this condition, part of the top of your stomach slips through the muscle and goes into your chest cavity. We call this a high tusseria. But you're going to continue this, that what is the relation? You just kind of emphasize that this is not the cause of the inflammation in your food pipe, in your food pipe and it doesn't have any relation. So it's not going to be the cause of the symptoms and the problems that you are having. So I'll make that very clear as the second thing that I'll explain about the height is here. Now getting ready to wrap up the last thing that you want to tell me, you tell me that we also took some samples. We also took some samples. We also took some samples for a bug called H-pileary. H-pileary that causes ulcers, causes ulcers and cancers in the food pipe and the stomach. And I'm just making it lame in term. You don't need to fact check me that it just causes gastric cancer and it wasn't negative. So you don't have the bug. Now, I have explained it. Previously, I might have explained a little bit about gastroesofacial reflux disease, but I'm moving that to the diagnosis. Just to save time, give it a better sequence. You're just asked to explain the investigation and I've said everything that you have as a physiognist and if you have as a physiognist, the inflammation, you don't have ulcers, you don't have cancer. H-pileary is negative. You have a hernia that is not relevant to you. Now let's take a history. Question, how much time do you want to spend on history in this case? Let's look at it one more time. So you spent one and a half minutes plus two minutes by the time you got to the patient on this one. You still have a diagnosis and complications and management. I'll say two minutes max, two and a half minutes max, three minutes maybe. I'll wrap it up quite fast. You don't have a complaint in this case. You don't have a kind of a complaint to explore in this case. So it's more about risk factors. But I will first go into the history with this. Like, can you tell me more about your heartburn? Can you tell me more about your heartburn? I know this will be the second open-ended question that I'm doing, but it's always nice to start a history with still a semi-open-ended question. I don't expect to hear anything new here, but I just want to start it still with open-ended question. You want to ask me, okay, how long have you had it for? I'm going to talk about treatment in a second. So it is important what treatment have you taken so far? It kind of makes a difference if you tell me your low dose PPI and not helping, I'll check it up. I want to know if you've been compliant, if you tell me, if yes, I'll check compliance. So did you use it with the same exact prescribed dose? And I will skip red facts here for now. I'll ask risk factors first. Now tell me what are the risk factors that you want to ask us to keep on in this case? Easy, smoking an alcohol, so do you smoke? Do you drink alcohol? If yes, how frequent or how much? I'll look at the food. You're looking at two famous food. Do you take a lot of takeaway and fatty food? And the second one is spicy food. You want to ask me drinks? What drinks? A few caffeinated drinks of your choice. Coffee of yourself at the top, at the top. He or NSU drinks or what else you want to ask. And the next one will be carbonated drinks or fizzy drinks. Or do you take any coke, caffeinated drinks or whatever you want to call them? What is the next one? Medications? Are you taking any medications? You're looking for NSA, looking for aspirin, looking for alendronate, looking for doxycycline, all the things that give you as a fagitis. And the things that we've talked about before. What is the last two things that you will not forget to ask me? Are you overweight? I want to manage that. And at the same time, do you have any stress? I wouldn't say stress will be the top thing in the last, but still nice to ask. So ask me the substances. If you want to call them, ask me food, ask me drinks, ask me medication, stress, and also if I am overweight. And I would wrap it up over here. The fact that maybe red flags, I'll skip the red flags is anyway, we've done a endoscopy with no cancerous features. Yeah. And I am a little concerned about running out of time. So you can still ask me one or two, but just keeping consideration the time that you're spending here. If you run out of time for the last of management and not passing anyway. So, and I've already told you there is no barrier as a figure, so cancerous changes. If you want to ask me two questions anyway, which ones we will choose guys? One and two. One and two. Yep, I'll just choose loss of weight, darks, tools, but I would prefer to skip this. I'll happily skip this just to give me time. And I'll squeeze it forward to my diagnosis. So I want to explain to this patient that he has gastroesophacial reflux disease. Now you have confirmed that it is a disease not just gastroesophacial reflux because you found as a phagitis on your endoscopy. Please be careful about the timing. Please keep...