is we're going to look into a typical candidate. I decided to start it like this. And usually in this video and in the next few videos, many of you will tell me like, this was exactly me in my first attempt. Oh, this is exactly me now. But let's look at a typical candidate. Let's look at what they do. And let's look at what the result of that is. So a typical candidate starts the journey. Hope usually with booking the exam three, four, five months in advance. Yeah. And they start the journey with, okay. So they told me told about recalls. Yeah. Where can I find the recalls? And you start joining Facebook groups, telegram groups nowadays. And you start getting the recalls that people have made, the files that they've made. Then you start getting the notes that focus on the recalls at the end of the day. Yeah. Your M notes, your K notes, L notes, you put all those together. So you start with a ton of notes. The way that you usually start studying is you say like let's start studying backwards. So for example, I'm starting today, November 2023. And I'm preparing for February next year. So I'll start studying November recalls first, October recalls, September recalls. And I'll move back depending on how much time I have. And this is where the funny question starts coming up that. And me, how much recalls should I study? That is the moment that when you ask me this question deep down inside, I get a feeling of sadness thinking to myself that you're not definitely going to pass this exam. If you're still thinking about this exam as how much recalls I should study, you're not going to pass the exam. It's really not about recalls. So this candidate goes on. So start studying November starts studying October. After a few weeks of studying, she realizes like these recalls are super confusing. Yeah. So the way that people have recalled that incomplete stem, just two words like their recall, like my green case, what should I study about it? Yeah. What is the stem? What is the task? Where should I study? And that starts building a little bit of stress and anxiety deep down inside you that I'm trying to study, but what they told me the notes and the recalls are not helping. The problem with the recalls are the best thing you have I had to blur this by purpose because I don't want to be spreading recalls or stuff. The best thing that you can get is to go and get the past feedback that you do have a limited number of them. But again, the very problem with a past feedback is it is more helpful than the only two word that recall that they put on the groups. The guy usually writes you are very small stem and usually writes you free to four lines. And you want to study four lines and you want to learn the case. Yes, you do learn the diagnosis. Yes, you do learn the positive points, but what are you going to go? What are you going to do when you go into a eight-minute station of this case? You know four questions that are positive. You ask it. Then you'll start asking some irrelevant questions. You are sad more five times. You come down to the right diagnosis without a good list of differentials and you expect your examiner to pass you. Your examiner knows that you know the recall and your examiner has been told not to pass a candidate who comes in with premature closing. Comes into a station. Doesn't ask the right key points. Doesn't rule out the right differentials. Doesn't have a DD list, but surprisingly comes down to the right diagnosis. They are told this candidate prematurely closed the case. Prematurely came down to a conclusion, not with knowledge, by the fact that they have just memorized the recall. You are not going to pass that candidate. So this candidate finds out that you know this way of studying is not working. What does she do? She goes for study partner. Then that's the point that a little bit more advice come up. That if you want to pass this exam, the only way is having a full-time study partner. You don't need anything else just find a study partner. Roll-play for 12 hours a day. You will pass this exam. Where you go and search for study partners is you go on the Facebook groups, on the telegram groups. You put a message or you put an anonymous message that I want to study partner these hours. I want it to be like this at that. 50 people will message you. So looking at the profile photos, you're going to choose five of them that you like. You think they're not bad. Yeah. Out of those five, two of them, you're not going to be able to fix times or they ghost you. They never reply back to you. Three of them, you start role-playing with them just to realize that the first guy is he's out of the game. He's totally out of the game. He's just role-playing for fun to do the exam in the next two years. But finally, after changing a few study partners that again waste your time, a significant amount, you find a good one that you like. You're on the same level. You kind of click together. That's good. You start role-playing. So the purpose of finding a study partner was let's role-playing. But what are we going to role-play? Let's go back to the recalls and let's go back to the past feedback. So what we're going to do is let's pick up this past candidate feedback off, for example, 19th of August. Yeah. It looks good. It has the diagnosis. It has the positive point of each case in three lines. We are also going to refer to, I don't know, the L notes studied on the L notes too. And let's role-play. And usually life in that case is easy because you're just starting 20 cases. You know the answer of the question. You know the diagnosis. You know the positive point. You sit in front of each other six hours a day. Role play that case that you already know what are the positive findings. You ask the positive findings. You come to the right diagnosis and great job. Good. You're so good at role-playing. Good job. Yeah. So this goes forward. Your role-play, role-play for the next few months, and you develop some habits. The habits you develop are usually shared between study partners. So and usually they are bad habits because you do something. I tell you good, good, good, good. You keep doing it. I pick up that habit. I start doing it. And usually these study partners are praising each other good. It doesn't matter if they're doing good or bad. It's always good. And that's when the thing comes out. That study partners. You'll either both pass or you'll either both fail. That's how it works. So after all of this role-play, you attend your first exam and you fail. We're going to look at the reasons of why we fail in the next part. But you fail. And you are super devastated because you spent I don't know six months, nine months role-playing full-time. It was a full-time job for you 8 a.m. in the morning till 6 p.m. Just half an hour lunch. You've role-played all the records of the last two years. You've studied all the L notes and M notes. You went into the exam and failed. To be honest, to me, that is not a surprise. That is a typical candidate. And when you call me for the first time and tell me, I've done all of this. I did role-plays. I did the recalls. I did this. I did that. I did that course. This course. But I still fail. I tell you like the last statistics that we have for the passing of AMC clinical in 21 to 22 is 21 percent. I do believe 2023 is going to be lower than what we had last year because what I'm seeing my experience. I can work with a lot of you guys. I bet it's going to be lower. Let's see what the annual report comes out later on. But the passing rate of AMC has been falling significantly. And it's good to tell you the story because you guys are new. I might be a little bit old and rusty. And I'll tell you when I realize I'm a little bit old. They do say tell stories about AMC clinical that back in 2014, 2015, the passing rate has been as high as I don't know 80, 90 percent and almost everyone who used to walk into the exam would pass. Apparently everything starts from late 2016 when the passing rate suddenly decreases. And apparently that's the time that you know they start realizing that there's something off with these IMGs because they do come to the exam. They don't ask the right questions. They don't have a differential diagnosis list. They don't ask the key points. But interestingly, all of them are coming down to the right diagnosis. So how is this possible? Is there something happening that we're not aware of? And with a little bit of research, they realize what is happening on the back of the stage, what IMGs are doing. And they said like, okay, so now if it's memorizing recalls, we have to adapt our assessment in a way that will be able to assess candidates and the knowledge and their competence. If they really know the case, if they do know the key points, the key questions that must be asked, if they know the differentials of this case are good list of differentials. And that is when from 2017, the passing rate just dropped, dropped, dropped, and dropped before COVID-29%. We wouldn't count the COVID here because overall we had only 500 people doing the exam. 2021 is 21%. And let's see what the passing result of now is. To be honest, if we just want to go with this number, so that will be 79% of people who have failed. And if you ask me, 79% of those people are mostly the typical candidates, mostly the typical candidates. They are all the people who thought they're going to pass this exam by going using a shortcut. I'm just going to study the recalls. I'm just going to study six months. I don't want to study, I don't want to be good. I don't want to practice. I just want to study recalls these notes. I just want to study one hour every week. And I want to pass this exam like the way that I passed MCQ a while ago. Usually that doesn't happen. So what is the learning point of this discussion? We don't want to be this candidate, guys. I needed to tell you this. I know what you do because I'm IMG. I've done this exam myself. And I'm working with you guys. And I see what you're doing. I know your mindset. I know how you're thinking. I know the fact that everyone loves the past this exam as soon as possible, as easy as possible by using as many shortcuts of possible. But you do know that this exam is not going to be that exact. Yeah. We do not want to be the candidate who memorizes recalls. We do not want to be the candidate who plans and prepares in not a clever way. I wouldn't call it a stupid way, but in not a clever way. Yeah. We want to find what is the best prepared preparation for this exam? We want to understand what do we need to pass for this exam? And we're going to use our time efficiently. That's the main purpose of this discussion that if you're studying one hour, I want that one hour to be efficient for you. There is no guarantee that you're going to pass on your first go. Just looking at the stats, that's quite obvious. Yeah. Even I've had people that I've told them go through the exam. I'll bet $5,000 on your passing your new first go. They didn't. And that's how again, delivery comes in, a little bit of luck comes in and everything that happens on the day. But we want to increase our chances as much as we can by being clever. Doing it my way, following me, because we are at the end of the year. I know many of you guys are starting to work with me. You just heard my name from different people or past candidates. Working with me is not a shortcut. I don't do this exam in a shortcut way to tell you like, yeah, to say free diet differential study these like three months recalls, let's go in the exam as sad, but two times you're going to pass. Now, I want you to understand what you need to do, build structures, build knowledge, understand key points, be clever in your delivery, walk into the exam with a good preparation. This is what I want from you and how I want you to prepare for this exam. So while many of your friends might seem busy, they tell you like, we're doing such an important job now. We're busy with role plays 12 hours a day with a study partner. And you always look and everyone is always, I don't have a study partner. What should I do? Being busy with role plays accomplishes nothing if you don't have a plan, if you don't have any goal for a role play. I'll talk about role plays later on and a study partner later on in the next parts, but the reality is you do have to practice the role plays obviously. You do have to practice presenting the cases, performing a case in that time, but the purpose of doing role plays is number one, practicing the stress management, practicing the time management, practicing being on a structure, practicing remembering key points, practicing ruining your case in the middle, but being able to pick it up and passing that station. But none of these will happen if you haven't built that knowledge part first. I always tell people, many people contact me that we want to do trial exams with you, like we have our exams, I don't know four months later next April, I tell them like, please call me three weeks before you exact, because if you sit on role play with me today, all I have to tell you is structure was bad, key points were missed, differentials were bad, this is the structure, this is the key point, this is their differentials. And at the end of the day, you haven't gained anything of that role play. The purpose of role play is telling me that knowledge is done. I've studied the tiredness cluster, am you? Let's sit down and role play. You sit down, deliver the tightness case to me. That's when I tell you, okay, I can see you know the differentials, but look how you used it in a structure, your structure, it wasn't so nice organized. I want you to change your structure in this way, your differentials, this and this were not specific, this and this were not good, I want your differential diagnosis list to be better, and I want you to think more about key points. So don't rush into role plays, role plays is not going to accomplish much. And I needed to say this early, because I know again, many of you follow that typical candidate pattern. And please, I need to break this, I need to stop, get you guys to stop doing this, please. But I'm going to finish this part with my own story, just to tell you about myself, why I do things like this, and why am I the person why I'm today. I know nowadays there are a lot of tutors around. Some of them have fast clinical recently, some of them have fast clinical awhile ago, some of them a long time ago. The funny thing for me is always that most of them boast about passing 14 out of 14 stations, and that's always on the headline of their website that we passed 14 out of 14, we did it so you can do it too. But I usually like telling you guys and starting with this point that I didn't pass my first exam. And I think this was a turning point for myself, and I talk about it proudly. So whenever I see those tutors that tell people that I passed on the first go, I tell them like I didn't pass on the first go, which is why I'm similar to many of you who've done the exam once or twice before. But this was a turning point that I realized that not all of the advice that I received for the exam were good advice. The thing is you hear me telling you something, you hear someone else telling you something else, you hear that course provide, they're telling you something else about the exam. And at that point you really come to the point that you look at three completely different advice that I told you to do something. So I mean you said do a lot of differentials. This guy told me say three differentials. I said three and passed that course provider, said five is enough. So which one should I follow? The only moment that you realize which advice was good and which would be wise was bad is in the exam. It is in the exam that you realized like ah, and when you get the results that they told me to do this, look it hasn't worked. That's why many people tell me like in our exam we were thinking about your delivery class that you told us that this is going to happen. But due to whatever reason we decided not to listen to you. So I did my first exam back in 2017. So I feedback looked a little bit different and back then we didn't have what I said the PDF reports, online reports, they used to post it to us. I realized I'm getting a little bit old when I was looking for this feedback and I was not finding it in my stuff. I realized that I'm getting a little bit old and rusty. So I did my first exam in August 2017, for October 2017. And so this is my starting station, station number four. And you can see in the first six stations that are these six in the first six stations I failed for. After station 11, I went on passing the rest. I went on passing the rest and failed my last station. Back then we used to have retests. So if you would pass 10 or 11 stations out of 16, you will get a retest. Retests used to be a very funny concept of you haven't failed, you haven't passed, you just have to come back to another eight stations with us. And out of those eight stations, if you pass six, you pass the exam. If you fail, you fail and you go back to step number one, do the exam I can completely. I usually use this as a piece of evidence to show you that when I walked into the exam, one reason that I did fail my first six station and I did fail four out of my first six stations were, no one told me what I'll be dealing with in the exam. So when I started the exam, the first few stations were just surprises for me. I used to read the stem and go like, tasks, oh my god, no one told me that they're gonna ask the threshold diagnosis in each and every case. No one told me the role play is going to be like this. No one told me the examiner is going to be like this in the physical examination from examiner. No one told me about the points of delivery. No one told me about the key points. No one told me about the frontials. And it takes a few stations to understand what's happening because it is such a fast exam. So four stations is just around half an hour. You just go into each station one by one and you really don't realize what's happening. After a few stations, you really realize like, oh, okay, so this is the game. Now I'm understanding how to play the game. Unfortunately, no one told me before my exam, but hello, I realized it finally. But for most of us, by the time you realize that's a little bit too late because you have failed the exam already. You haven't passed. Yeah. So I did my first exam. I remember when I came out of my exam, we had a group of friends that we had done a course together. I messaged the group and I said, like, well guys, I was the first person for my group going into the exam. So I told them, like, look, things are not like what they told us. So the exam is nothing like what we're preparing for. Please focus on differentials. Please focus on this. Please focus on that. And so on. So I did my retest three months later. So it wasn't a huge gap. Just three months later after October. I got the results. I think end of October, November. I did it in February, 2018. That was my turning point. And I believe failing this first exam was the reason that I became who I am and the way that I do these exams that I really sat down and fought to myself. That look, now I have gained the experience of playing this game with them, looking at the feedback that is totally surprising to me. That's similar to many of you. I failed the stations that I fought all past and I passed the stations that I fought all fail. I understood that I have to be prepared in a certain way. And I realized that this game is designed by them. You are going to AMC's game. They set the rules. We are not able to fight the rules. We're not able to fight the scoring system. We're not able to fight the cases. We're not able to fight any aspect of the exam. The only thing that we can do is walk into the exam and understand their rules, play by their rules. Understand what they want from us, what they expect from us. Try to push them to take their boxes off. And I make it quite clear, guys, that if you want to insist and be a little bit hard on this, that no, I'm a working GP in Australia for the last four years. I want to do things the way I do it at work or I'm a registrar or I'm a HMO. I want to do things the way I do it. I'll just wish you good luck doing a few exams before you pass. And this is not something strange. I have had GPs who fail cases that are general practice cases. I have had psych registrars who fail MSC cases. I have had ONG registrars who fail ONG cases. And that is the point that you realize like, okay, okay, there is a problem. So the way that you have to do this exam is a very special way, very special way that we'll talk about. You have to prepare for this exam. I always joke about it that I don't do things in my real practice the same way that I do it for AMC clinical. AMC clinical is a total separate story. It is an oschi exam. You play the games. You play the game by the rule if you want to pass. So anyway, and I'll just say this for many of you that I know haven't passed your first goal a second ago and you're really upset about this. You are having a little bit of emotions happening in those three months. I was also depressed. I was also sad. I was also doubting many things. I don't know, the first or one of the exams that I failed in my life. It was really hard for me. Obviously, financially, back then the exam was way less expensive. I think the exam itself was 3,000. The retest was 2,000. Nowadays, you're paying like $4,300. That's a huge amount. But when I went for my retest, I looked at this exam a little bit differently. This is not to boast about the fact that I passed all stations 8 out of 8 in my retest, but the fact that I got from this point to this point. The only question that I asked myself was that how did I turn those failed stations into a past stations? I just came down to the answer that I went into this exam. I understood what was needed. I played the game by their rules. And once I played the game by their rules, passing this exam was way easy. Easier than I thought. And I remember from that day, I realized that I just needed to tell this to people that please stop being the typical candidate and doing a typical preparation for this exam. That is not going to work. You can still waste $4,000 trying it. And I'll be very honest with you, there is a 1% chance of passing if you are super lucky. The only problem is that 1% is a very low percentage rate. It's always just a few people. Unfortunately, those few people are always vocal people. So they always jump in your groups and write down that guys, I passed my exam without studying the handbook, without doing any course, without doing anything. I just did three months of recourse, set two differentials for each case. And I passed the exam. Just go down my path where you passed the exam. But I'm sure many of you know that that is not going to happen. So please, we want to break the cycle somewhere. The reason that I need you to sit down, listen to the next part before we do any, any case with each other is you have to understand what you are dealing with and you have to understand what you're going to do in the exam. It doesn't matter if you just sit down, I tell you cases, you write down, write down, keep or write down differentials. If you walk into the exam, you don't know what to do in the exam. You're not going to pass this exam. And this might be the only difference of doing a class with me compared to all of the course providers, all of your course providers want to treat you as medical students. Sit down, we tell you cases, you write down, this is the case, bye bye. I tell you like, now you already know these, all of your well-knowledge doctors, experienced doctors. Let's do a review together. Let's get a better understanding. Let's build a structure that is the essential component of passing this exam. AMC wants key points, let's do key points. AMC wants differentials, let's do differentials. Let's look at what AMC wants from us. And let's do that, do that to hopefully pass. So hopefully this part didn't make you cry, but at least it has made you think a little bit about your preparation. One reason that I decided to call this first workshop that I'm doing, it used to be like last year, I used to call it Rapid Review 6. And it was the last part of the Rapid Reviews, that funny enough it was the last part, but it was the first part for the exams of 2023. But now this Rapid Review, the name itself is getting a little bit boring and everyone is calling their courses Rapid Reviews that I thought like let's change the name. But the reason that I call this a strategic preparation workshop that I want you to have a strategy in your preparation. I'll talk about study planning in the next few videos. I need you to sit down, lay out a plan, lay out a strategy to prepare for this exam, to walk into this exam. Hopefully to pass on the first go, but if you don't pass on the first go to pass on the second go. This is what my aim is. So let's go for part two.