Yeah, they're hopefully fun. We've done our lower cases. We did the left lower, different versions, new versions, right lower. We've talked a few versions, class, class, this class. We want to go to the second group of our cases. These second group cases are kind of recent cases. By saying recent cases, they all suddenly started happening two years ago in the online exam. So they're more of a newly designed cases. They still haven't happened in the face-to-face exam. That's why when you see the sequence and structure of these cases, I'll be giving you physical examination on a court. But my assumption is if they want to pick this case out of their case pool and change it to our face-to-face exam, it'll be the same history taking for four minutes. Ask a p-fetalist, diagnose, and differentials. But we'll do the last time we've seen them, the same version. 50-year-old man has presented to the emergency department, complaining of pain, but a new context in the center of his abdomen, the worst place that you can get in all skicks and for a few hours. We have already given him painkillers. That takes it away from you. Don't even talk about it. We already gave him that. You need to take a history for four to six minutes, depending on if they want to change the style. We're going to give you a physical examination on a court. This can still happen in a face-to-face exam. Like what happens in the muscle skeletal cases. Take a history for the knee pain. We're going to give you a card. You pick up the paper. You have all your findings written on it. And then pursue your diagnosis and your differentials. Now, what we want to do over here together is, we already know a structure of acute abdomen. It's going to be kind of straightforward. Maybe the only question that we need to ask ourselves is, you asked me that, okay, when we did a structure, you drew the line in the middle. You told me, upper, you told me lower. This is not upper. This is not lower. This is in the middle. Now, what are my groups of differentials? Let's brainstorm this together. It's in the middle of the stomach. So what groups of differentials do I need to rely in the center of the abdomen? What do you think? Especially if you have six minute history, put it in the chat, what groups are relevant now? Oh, wait for you guys. Now, to be honest, guys, as I said at the beginning, central abdomen pain is always a little bit tricky. Because when I tell you central, you as a doctor always think I'm illicit. In the center of the umbilicus. But a patient who has a pain above the umbilicus will still say it's central, below the umbilicus, it's still central. On the left side of the umbilicus, it's still central. So by saying central, if this is your umbilicus, this is your stomach, we're kind of saying the entire area for us is central. Does everyone agree? So it's not the middle, middle, it's middle up, middle, side, middle, right, lower. To me, especially if I have a six minutes, I will still rule out all of the groups. It's not a very useful thinking and you're gonna see it in case number two. It's not a useful thinking to start thinking that hernias are in the lower, so I don't get pain in the center. You're gonna see case number two is a hair in your case, that is giving you a bowel obstruction in the middle. So for this very purpose, my task, my concept is the same. I'm assessing acute abdomen. Yeah, thank you for providing a site. It'll sometimes help me narrow down my list of differentials or examine them the right lower, I didn't ask chairs, but now that we're doing center, maybe I'll rule out all my differentials up to the time that I have in a good priority list that I wanna do. Let's go through this and just have a quick chat about it. You already know what to do. So when I jump into history taking over this case, again, if you're doing it in a case of face to face, I will still ask them a dynamic stability. So just to start with examine it, tell me blood pressure, pulse rate, respiratory temperature. We're done with that, sit down and introduce yourself. My name is Amira, I'm a doctor for today. How can I help you? James, I can see you're having pain. Tell me more about the pain. Gary will start to learn your statement. You're a doctor, so I've been having this pain in the middle of my stomach, in the center of my stomach. I'm just getting worse and so bad, I just can't take this anymore. Now, this is one thing that someone comes until, I mean, the guy didn't express concern. Did you feel the distress in my statement? Did you feel it? I can't take this anymore. This is too bad, it's getting worse. I don't always need to tell you, doctor, I am worried for you to say, like, sorry, don't worry, I'll help you. You can't see that at this respition. I'm going to respond to that. Now, Gary, I do understand that is distressing. I do understand you've been in pain, but again, as usual, my words are, I'm here to help you and I understand your concern. I need to get a better idea about your pain. So I'll need to ask you a few questions just to be able to help you better. How does that sound to you? Yeah, and you've already taken pain, glistening. So we're done with that, let's proceed. Now, I want to see Korra. The same see Korra that we've done over and over again, together. Now, I'll ask the site again. So can you tell me where exactly you have the pain? The patient replies in the center. Yeah. I might ask the patient a further follow-up question. Like, can you tell me if it's exactly, if it's exactly on your belly button, belly button, or for example, above it or below it? I just feel it around my belly button. Okay, so still you're not helping me, that's fine. Let's go into the city. From the scale of one to 10, to help you understand, 10 means the worst pain that you've ever experienced. One is the least pain. How bad is your pain today? Tell me the quality of the pain. So do you feel it as a sharp pain or a dull ache? Let's get to the onset. Now, when did it start? Yeah, when did it start? Since when? How long have you had this pain? So it's been a couple of hours. Is it the first time that you're experiencing this pain? Is your pain on and off? Is it constant? Is it getting worse? Okay, so I've acute what of a duration? Is it radiating anywhere? No. Anything makes it better? All worse? No. I want to ask you two specific things. Any position that makes it better? All worse? No. Any relation to food and eating? No. Okay. Good. So at this point, I'm still blank. I really cannot narrow down my differential. I'm just going to stick to a structure. You have six minutes of history taking. You can rule out everything you want. Let's start going through our list together. Obviously group number one, GIs. It's at the top middle and anyways, the abdominal pain. General questions. Now, I just want you to understand how structure helps you. You're in the exam. Do you have any nausea or your stochitis? Have you omitted? Let's say no. Okay, good. Are you feeling bloated? Yes, I am doctor. Okay. Are you passing wind and gas? No. I'm not. Probably further for me, guys. What is significant? You ask me, are you passing wind? I say no. What is the further question? Since when? I might not pass gas for a couple of hours. That's fine, but since when? Yeah. Now, you get to the diarrhea and the constipation. Do you have diarrhea? No. Do you have constipation? No. When was the last time you opened your bowel? When was the last time you opened your bowel? A few days ago, doctor. Oh, okay. And do you have any fever? No. All of you now understand. What is the case? You already know it. Okay, I know what I have. What do you have? I'm not passing wind. I haven't passed, opened my bowel for a few days. It's a bowel obstruction case. I was still prefer to stick to my structure. Now, the stress is always hard to rearrange a structure, make a new structure. Let's stick to a structure. Let's get to our specific red-file questions. In terms of a red-file question, tell me. Any loss of weight, loss of appetite, lumps and bumps, any tiredness, in terms of specific questions, have you noticed any blood in your stool? That happens in cancers. Might happen in a bowel obstruction if you have necrosis or something. Any dark stool that you've ever had? Any family through a bowel cancer? Any changes in your bowel habits? So nothing different. Now, you come down. Any surgeries? Yes. So what surgery? I removed my appendix whatever, 10 years ago. Five years ago, six years ago. Okay, surgical history. Any medication you're taking? No. Okay, so we're good so far. Now, at this point, I'll just go on my differentials. I know someone is going to argue with me. I'm just sticking to my structure. Let's rule like KUB conditions. Yeah, let's rule like KUB. Same three questions. Disorio. Frequency. Blood in your urine. Nothing out of the usual. We get to the genital and the pelvic. So we have a man in this case. What I'm going to do is the very important hernia. Do you have any lumps? Swellings in your groin? You know the question. You come down. Tell me about your scrotum. And the swelling or redness in the scrotum. In your private parts. Any pain in your private parts? Now, you've done this. Maybe before I go into my other groups of differentials. I'll go into my other groups of differentials. In this case, you have something important to kind of consider. 50 year old guy, central abdominal pain. Tell me two good differentials. Yeah. I was making the joke for this case. If I want to give you a version number four next time, I'll give you a triple A. A good case. Lovely case to kind of pull out in this case. A triple A. Mazzentric ischemia. Now, what are the questions that I want to ask? For Mazzentric ischemia, you know, you're looking for funny racing of heart. I will talk about Mazzentric ischemia in a second. It is a Mazzentric vascular disease. Mazzentric ischemia. It can be emboli, can be trombotic. At the end of the day, both triple A and Mazzentric ischemia are vascular diseases. So they share the quality of vascular risk factors. The package of questions that I want to ask this patient is, okay, any funny racing of your heart for a minute? Mazzentric ischemia. Any history of heart disease? Or blood tube problems, blood tube diseases before? I'll look for a few famous risk factors. I don't have time to go into detail of our last alcohol exercise obesity. And so maybe just most obvious ones for me. What are the most obvious for having cardiovascular disease? Any family history of heart attacks, strokes and so on? For me, the other biggest factor is any history of a high blood pressure, high blood sugar or even high fats in yourself. These are for me a little bit more important and specific, rather than smoking alcohol and stuff. We'll get to a sad moment. If we get time, we'll ask it. I'll leave these two in my structure. I'll still ask about rashes. I know someone will argue it's central. Schingles is on one side. It's just a structure, guys. I'll ask the trauma. Yeah, I'll ask for trauma. To be honest, after this, I'll just proceed to my good closure. Now, if anyone wants to, later on, when we cover the upper abdominal pains, I'll show someone who'll come back. And I also rule out gastro-sophageal reflux ampeptical. So if I have time, maybe. Amira ACS kind of drags down to the stomach. So just to get out of the way and the chest pain, hopefully that's still a problem. I'll paint after the level of umbilical systemic heart disease. Put it in the pack of cord, you've asked the question that you do for this case. This is uh, enough for me. But I want to tell you guys how I look at this case. What do you think the concept of this case is? If I'm the examiner design in this case, I write down a concept. The candidate who passes this case has to do one thing to pass. What is that one thing? Has to appreciate that this is a bowel obstruction case very early on. Because it's very obvious. Two questions you know, it's obstruction. A good candidate rules out causes of obstruction. Now tell me what a famous cause of obstruction. You tell me. Number one, top of your list. Number two. Number three. And so on. Now let's look at our structure. We have done this in another sequence. We just stick to our structure. Now if anyone tells me, should I still rule out bowel cans in this case? You're ruling out cause of obstruction. Why don't one ask search in all cases? Yeah. Um, why don't one ask any? Any idea is lower abdominal pain? And we know it's left lower right lower. Why do you ask it in the central abdominal pain? Does everyone understand the concept? At the end of the day, guys, if I want to give you a new structure for this case, then you'll have 10 structures at the end of acute abdomen. It doesn't work in the exam because when you read this, oh, which one do I want to choose in this one? We have one structure. We stick to our structure. As I told you, the structure is one ring that fits them all. We slide changes. They will apply the slide chain. It's easier to think about slide changes rather than massive changes under that stress and short time that you have. So you wrap up your history taking. We're all good. We'll go back over here. We took our history for six minutes or four minutes. The patient gives you. I haven't opened my bowels for two days. I'm bloated. I'm not passing wind. I've had a previous surgery or whatever type. I've removed my gallbladder, removed my appendix, removed my whatever. Um, you go into physical examination. These are the things that they used to give us on a card in the online exam. So temperature is normal. You have generalized tenderness on your abdominal pole patient. There is no rebound tenderness. There is guarding on your paracusheon. There is hyper resonance. On your ocultation, bowel sounds are absent. On your dr rectum is empty. You've done office. The office is offline. I just want to ask you guys. Imagine this case comes as an ask pp. To the person who says like, yeah, why should I ask paracusheon and acute abdomen case? It is part of the eyeopoptonnal examination case. I just want to make a point guys. Please stick to your structure. And please stick to your structure. If you stick to a structure, even if you don't understand what is happening, you'll tick off my boxes. Now, let's quickly run for a few things together. Regarding a small bowel obstruction, it gives you cramping abdominal pain, an opsy patient, you know, passing wind, knows your vomiting. Time of the examination. Usually you have distension. You might have absent bowel sounds. Early you have high-peached bowel sounds. There is a case in face-to-face physical examination to give you a case of ovalness or bowel obstruction x-ray. When you go in, you put your stethoscope on the mannequin. Oh, I'm here. What do you tell me? It's a bowel obstruction, if there's bowel sounds. In the early phases of bowel obstruction, it becomes high-peached because before it goes absent. And you have hyperresonance because of all that air trapping that you have in the abdomen. What are the causes, adhesions, tumors, hernias, I've already asked this, again, if you want to ask traumatic, traumatic. I know someone will pull this out. Oh, what about IVD? Blood in the soul. That's enough for me. I don't want to go extra intestinal symptoms of IVD in this case. I might not have the time to do that. And just as a quick heads up, again, you want to kind of look at adhesions. Adhesions famously give you a small bowel obstruction. They may cause large bowel obstruction. So if anyone doesn't agree to call this case small bowel obstruction, you're more than welcome to call it just bowel obstruction. I like to call this small bowel obstruction. This is the famous x-ray of a small bowel obstruction. You do have multiple air fluid levels. All of you know it well. Two many air fluid levels. Abnormal. You have small bowel obstruction. If they have asked you investigation and management of this case, you want to do it quickly together. What is the one investigation you want to tell me in this case first before you tell me anything else? Yeah. And I'll write erect. Yeah. Mainly abdominal x-ray. First. Yeah. Eric then supine. You do both of them, but more standing to get that done. Yes, we can do CT scan. Yes, you can do blood. It depends on the case where you are and blah blah blah. If I want to say one thing, if only it's x-ray, that will give you the finding we're done plus the rest of them. What is your management of a bowel obstruction? The purpose of your history taking, treat the cause. If you don't treat the cause, you're not treating the problem. If there's a hand, you have to treat the hand, you have to. So whatever the cause is, then we'll stop anything going in. We'll just replace your fluids before you go dehydrated. We're going to decompress whatever air we have there. We can pass it down, so we'll pass it up with an NG tubing. Yeah. And again, if you have any complications, we usually do end up doing a surgical. Again, if you have an urnial surgery, necrosis surgery, maybe antibiotics. But again, just run through if they ask you management. This will be a bullet point management. Regarding your explanation, your explanation is going to be similar to what we've done before. So if you want to quickly go through it, you tell the patient that look most likely, most likely, you have a condition. You have a condition called bowel obstruction or small bowel obstruction. No one needs to argue with me if you don't agree. Just go with bowel obstruction. You have to agree with that. You have a condition called small bowel obstruction. Let me explain it easily and quickly. We've done it once to get this. So maybe I'll write down the keywords. Your bowels are blocked. Are blocked very simply. Obstruction means they're blocked. They are blocked by adhesion bands. Adhesion bands. You just have to understand how to explain adhesion band to a patient. It's just a scar tissue. Scar tissue or some bands that form after surgery. That form after a surgery. More importantly, I need to give reasons to pass it. Now I have history reasons, physical examination reasons, on history taking. You're not passing wind. You have not opened your bowels. You're not passing wind. You have not opened your bowels. You have a history of surgery. What else is present you mentioned? On examination, I'm not hearing bowel sounds. You can tell him when I tap on your stomach, there is extra air in your stomach. So when I tap, it sounds like you have extra air in your stomach. Just explaining layman. I think this is enough. This is enough. You want to say about the pain on examination. That's still fine. These are my reasons. Now let's practice the game together. Tell me good differentials, guys. So I don't want a long list of differential or good differentials. Tell me five good differential each and everyone you put in the chat box for me has to be good. Everyone practice with this movie. Choose five. I don't want one. Five good differential. I know everyone has the first one. Five good differentials. Put in the chat box for me. So I'm playing a game with you that if you tell me five but they're bad, I'm failing you. What do you think? If you ask me, I mean, what are good differentials for this case? I'll quickly whisper in your ears. These differentials of bowel obstruction first. Yeah. Now, I was thinking about cancers, bowel cancers, blocking your valves. Yeah. I was thinking about hernias. If you want to call this triangulated incarcerated hernias blocking your valves. Yeah. Moving forward, sometimes trauma and hematomas can cause blood blocking. And we do know that twisting of the bowels, twisting of the bowels that the most famous version is rovelous can also cause obstruction. A few good differential causes of obstruction. Anyone wants to put IBD over here? Put IBD. Inflametric bowel disease can also cause obstruction. Whatever type of Crohn's or bad one. Alternative colitis. At this point, you're more than welcome to tell me other differentials. Tell me whatever you know. So what else do I know? GI, gastroenteritis, appendicitis, disandead. If I want to add other good differential triple A, central mesentric ischemia, good one. KUB differential is also thinking about maybe your unattractive infections, maybe stones. I can't give you pain in the abdomen. I'm making now differential diagnosis only for abdominal pain. I was thinking about pelvic problems. Sometimes there are pitiful malchitis pain, drags here. I was thinking about ischemic heart disease. Sometimes pain might drag up to the belly button. That is the option. That is the possibility. Panquatitis is still in the middle. Maybe you'll get a pain in that area that you feel it in the center of your stomach. If you want to tell me anything else, that's fine with me. This is the good list of differentials that I have. I want to grease. Now let's drag this to case number two. Let's go forward case number two. Let's open the door. 55 year old lady presents the complaining of pain in the umbilical area. There is another central in now umbilical pain. Take a history. Physical examination will be given to you on a call or we're going to practice the pee fee for this case. I think this case has happened in the face to face too because I have a vague memory of something. And I'll explain your diagnosis in your differentials. Initially in the online exam, but I think you popped that in 2022 and 2023 in your face to face exam two. In terms of our history taking, does everyone agree the structure is the same? So we'll just skip the structure. So history, open it, explore the pain, maybe ask a little bit more about the site if you can define where in the center, where around the umbilical area might give me a little bit of idea. I'll jump into my differentials. G.I. He's still there. I'll still do KUB. I'll still the entire pack. I'll just rule out my differentials. Um, on history taking, this is what you find. So she has nausea. She hasn't passed window gas. I'm assuming all these recall people come to me. They really don't ask that specific question of when was the last time that you open your bowels? Has to be positive. If I put a finding of not passing gas, I'll definitely have something that you haven't opened your bowels. But I'm not going to answer that question in the question of constipation. Constipation is constipation. Um, we have an argument over here. Some people say no. Some people say yes. My hair in your question was there. Some people say like I asked it wasn't the let's say it's not there. Let's make it hard. Let's say it's not there. Yeah. Now we want to start, uh, start reviewing our physical examination from examiner together. Let's say this comes in a face to face exam. You jump into your sequence. We've already done this once. We'll do it quickly. General appearance. Is he a little drowsy dehydrated? And for example, pal, tell me vital signs. The examiner tells you the same as I told you at the beginning of the session. Okay. That's okay. Um, I want to get to the abdominal examination on abdominal examination. I want to inspect for the movement on respiration called and sanguine. And assign no. Do I have any tenderness? The examiner will say yes. There is tenderness somewhere. Where are the I don't really care about it. Um, there is a guarding rigidity rebound. Is there any masses? I'll get to my pericution and tell me pericution findings that might give you findings that might not. I want to do offscaltation. And we want to talk about this point. I stick to a structure. My structure always, even if it's an upper abdominal, no paste central, whatever, ingrownal and dr. Examiner, I want to examine the ingrownal layer. What are you looking for? Yeah. I'm looking for any swellings and lumps. Yes, you do have a swelling. Now, this is the moment that your brain tells you yes, got the finding. We know the diagnosis. Let's move out. Um, I'll ask you the question. What is the key point of physical examination? I'm still not going to give you a good score here. Let's say you asked me at the R. He asked me office. There's I'm not going to give you a good score. I'm asking a question. What is the key point? All the two things. Not a cough list. A little bit too late to cough. Is it tender? Simple question. Is it reducible? The answer is yes. No. Now I have my diagnosis. Does that make sense? How do you feel? How would you guys score the candidate who doesn't ask these two questions? Yeah, maybe a little bit prematurely. Hernia, the hernia, you have a strangler at the time. Yeah. So let's proceed to our diagnosis. Easy job. Let's get over here. Um, the diagnosis. It's still a version of a bowel obstruction. I'm happy if you want to say this is a bowel obstruction because of hernia, but the condition causing the pain and obstruction and everything is the hernia. Maybe I'll start with the hernia. Doesn't make much of a difference for me. I'll tell the patient that you have a condition called. Strangulated or incarcerated, whichever one you want to use. I'm not too fast about the wording like motories. Strangulated or incarcerated in good new hernia. Okay, so let's start our stupid explanation to you. How can I explain a hernia simply to the patient? A hernia is a sack. A hernia is a sack. That bulges out. That bulges out of the stomach. So hernia is a sack that bulges out of the stomach. And in your case, in your case, this sack is located in the groin. This is how I may attempt to explain it. It's a sack. It's a pocket. Yeah, it's a pouch that bulges protrudes out of your stomach. And in your case, this pocket is located in the groin, simple explanation. Now, you have to explain something further. In your case, in your case, the bowels is stuck in the sack. It's stuck in the sack and has blocked the bowels. Then you're kind of still telling me there is a version of a bowel obstruction, obviously causing the pain. So look, Jenny, or Jimmy, you have a strangulated in good new hernia. This means a hernia is a sack or a pocket that kind of forms bulges out of your stomach. In your case, it's in your groin. Usually when we have this pocket, part of your bowels go into this pocket and they get stuck there. Once they get stuck there, they block the bowels and this causes pain. What are my reasons? My reasons are you're not passing wind. You told me I have nausea and vomiting. That happens when your bowels are blocked. On history, if you told me about the swelling good, if not on physical examination and history, I found a swelling in your groin. The reason that AMC is pushing you to say reasons, I was not able to push it back in. It was painful when I was touching it. That's why I'm making diagnosis. I was strangulated in good new hernia. Now I know someone will jump on the chat box. I mean, it's a hernia case. Should I ask about heavy lifting, coughing, constipation and stuff? This is not a hernia case. This is an abdominal pain case that you are rolling at differentials of abdominal pain. Your factual statement is correct. That hernia has happened because of increasing tribunal pressure or body of the nature. But this is not the case that I'm asking you. Please go find it. You have a muscular scale to the case. I give you a complaint. The guy has swelling in the groin. In that case, go and do all the risk factors for hernia. This is not the place to do that. So this is version number two. Again, one of the more recent cases that we've had in the exam and on physical examination, usually this is what they've given you in the exam on the court. The rest of the nurse on the left low quadrant. Exaggerated bowel sounds. There's a large hair in your scene on the left groin. It is irreducible and tender. So this was on your court. Obviously you ask a pp in your face to face exam. I will talk about a version last version of this case guys. You can call this version number three. This is a super old case. I personally haven't seen this case from I don't know 2017 2018. So hopefully I'm right that AMC has kind of archived the case. But having said this, it is a very challenging to case the past. It was obviously a case of the face to face exam because we didn't have online exams back then this case. Now you have a 60 year old man presents your general practice complaining about the real pain for a few days. Take a history to a p3 dog knows some different. Okay, nothing weird so far. Now you go into a history taking of this case. The reason that I kind of put this case in this cluster is when you're asking where's the side. It tells you all over my stomach. I'll still say it's a central that kind of has dragged out all over your stomach. Okay. When I tell you it's all over my stomach, I'm telling you is generalize period tonight is now everything you have to ask me everything upper lower decide that side wherever. In terms of it is eight out of 10 in this case, I'll stick to the structure. So in terms of structure, the nature is the same guys with on the pain together, nothing different. Explore the pain we've done in 10 times today. I'll get to the differentials. I'll ask you questions first. The general ones, the GI red flag questions, I'll ask you questions. I'll get to my genital questions, ask her any questions. It's a man or a lady, I'll ask health equal score to examinations. I might in this case even as liver and go about a problems. Never know. If I have the time, but the problem of this case, you usually has been the fact that you have four minutes. So the only reason that I covered this case is I will bring up the others a little bit earlier as I do always. Some of you asked me why not ask other differentials others. So let's do others rashes, traumas, but mesentric ischemia. When you ask me, is it a mesentric ischemia? Do you have any racing of your heart? Yes, I have. A little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a heart is beating a little bit of a little bit of a fast. Looking at the old versions of this case, they do give you dog stools. We'll talk about it. So the dog stools is representing that there is blood in the stools. Obviously. I will talk about it if that is a good fighting or not. Now, when you do a pf, I'll just I just want you guys to tell me one thing. What is your key point of the pf of this case? The structure is the same. You do a full abdomen exam, general appearance, vital sign, abdomen, full abdomen. In a full abdomen inspection, publication, percussion, ascultation in guineural and dr. Just write down a small point for yourself. I don't want to waste too much time on this case because it's super old. Pulse rhythm. Because most of you guys in your vital signs, you don't want to bolstrate, pop a shirt, temperature, respiratory. On the pf, findings, yes, pulterate is 90, but it is irregular. If I generalize tenderness, again ask me rebound, guarding and rigidity. On the dr, they still emphasize on the fact that you have backstools. The topic that we're talking about is mesentric ischemia. If you want to quickly review it just for the purpose, it is a ischemic colitis. If you want to make it easy, it is a ischemic colitis. It has versions of emboleic nature. You do also have the traumatic nature. Now, in terms of mesentric ischemia, it's a little bit famous, one of the famous conditions that we always talk about because it causes a very intense severe abdominal pain that has a specific finding on physical examination. The patient of vomiting, it's might get diarrhea, might get to septic features of becoming confused, dizzy, drowsy and stuff. So, more details if you have anxiety, intense central pain, profuse vomiting, bloodied diarrhea. You definitely want to look at this chemical liity. The very characteristic thing, if you get a patient of this in your emergency departments, it's a very severe pain, described by the patient. When you examine the patient, you start thinking to yourself, there is generalized tenderness. But it's not as bad as the patient is acting the pain. So, it is very famous that it gives you minimal. By saying minimal, some of you guys think like abdominal exam is normal. That's a problem that I have with you. No pain in the patient. I didn't say that. I said minimal and it does not correspond to your intensity on history. The patient is screaming in pain 10 out of 10. But when you touch it, there is tenderness, but this doesn't match that. Some of you think that bowel patient will be totally normal. No, that's not the case. And the idea is the pain is out of proportion to the examination. So, they don't match and correspond to each other. Now, you have to have a high level of clinical suspicion. This is the tough thing about this, especially for ambulization. So, AF, cardiovascular diseases and so on needs to be on the top of your mind. Let's quickly wrap this case up. So, again, features, localized tenderness, abs and bowel sounds laid on, late, tacky cardio, maybe atrial fibrillation. The diagnosis of this condition, just in case AMC wants to pull out our X-ray for you guys. It's a famous fan print printing sign. The fan printing was, you do see these fan printings here. You can really see these fan printings that is very obvious of his chemicalitis. And usually the management is most of the time we end up doing a surgery and we don't want any crosses. So, if you want to just explain this to your patient and wrap it up, you just held the patient that took, you have a condition called mesentric ischemia. Mesentric ischemia. Here's the simple explanation. In terms of explanation, I'll quickly link it to the heart and directly talk about the heart. So, your heart is beating irregularly. Your heart is beating irregularly. And this can lead to a clot formation, to a clot formation in your heart. And the clot is sent to the blood tubes of your bowels. Of your bowels. And it is blocking it. To just explain the process to the patient that, so condition that you're having is mesentric ischemia. And I found that in your condition, your heart is beating irregularly. Another way means that you do have atrial fibrillation. This can lead to a clot formation. So, your form of clot in your heart that is pumped into the blood tubes of your bowels. And that blocks it. And that causes the pain. What are your reasons? The main reasons that are making this diagnosis is the fact that you had a generalized abdominal pain. So, you feel the pain all over your stomach. You do expect to have blood but not dog stool. Anyway, you have blood in the stool. I don't agree with AMC. I wish they would have given you fresh blood. But I can't if anyone wants to argue with me. AMC is giving you dog stool, not me. There is blood in the stool, the form of dog stool. And I did find that you do have irregular posts. All of these findings, overall, this is my top differential for you. In terms of other differentials. Other differentials, just as it heads up. This is a generalized period to anitis case. What are your differentials? Good question. A rupture, something. So, at the top of your list, a rupture, anything. A rupture, rupture, peptical, so this is also in your stomach. Maybe a rupture, appendix. A rupture, appendicitis. A rupture, diuretic alitis. What else can I tell you? Maybe a rupture, triple A. Any version of an intra-abdominal bleeding, or hemorrhage. From anywhere, traumatic or non-traumatic, any bleeding can give you generalized period to anitis. I've already told you, mesentric ischemia. A bowel obstruction can give you generalized abdominal pain. You just go through your list of differentials. At this point, you can tell me what else you like to do here. And you know, IBD is whatever. And that's why you do that. Just as asking, why is there blood in the stool if there's this chemia? So, in mesentric ischemia very famously. You do usually develop some bleeding and blood in the stool. Jessica, so it's very common to find blood. But in terms of finding blood, most of the time it's late stages of ischemia and necrosis. That obviously the situation is bad. But most of the time it's fresh blood, not dark blood. Dark blood means the problem is very proximal in the GI tract. Again, it's a finding of the exam. I don't always totally agree with it. As you can see, a motor kind of brings up bloody diarrhea. So there will be a version of blood, but it's plus minus. If you want to choose a plus minus, more of fresh rather than dark, but anyway, just the case of the exam. The purpose of discussing this case, just keep it in your mind. Just the case, what say you never know what AFC does. They put their hands in the back of cases and they pull this out later on. I'll say this is one of these used to be one of the hardest cases back in mind. It's the best and that you'd have them. And the good news is, hopefully they have all the car of the case. I don't want to talk about it anymore.