It will be the third version of the lower quadrant abdominal pains that we want to discuss together, but in a different format. Your next patient is a 24-year-old young lady coming to you with a right-side abdominal pain. Very interesting design, very interesting design, because it's telling you right-sided, not right upper, right lower or right, just the right side. Take a history for five minutes. In the online exam, investigation on the screen, we're going to give it a two-on-a-card, obviously, to read it. You need to explain the investigation's to the patient and explain your diagnosis. We'll talk about the management towards that. Now the first thing that we'll need to sort out together is what are your differentials for this case? Before we even go into the case and the context, I need to figure out clearly something out. If you want to put down the groups of differentials, groups of, for example, GI, this or that, what are the groups of differentials that you're asking history in this case? Just put it in the chat box for me. So GI differentials, yeah, everyone agrees, KUV differential, everyone agrees, pelvic differential definitely, yeah. To make my question more specific, will you ask liver and gallbladder in this case? Yes or no? Just tell me, yes or no? Yes, I will ask it. The reason that I'll ask it is I'll make a list of differential for the complaint, as always, in my step. When you ask the site of the pain from this patient, she tells you the right lower quadrant, but I will still ask the liver and the gallbladder. And let's look at the context of the case. You realize why I want you to do that. So let's start this case together. Do the history quickly. We've done this a few times. In terms of the history taking quickly, let's just write down our major steps. Do a quick hemodynamic stability. Still have good reasons to do so. Start with a good open ended question. Do the concern. Explore the pain. Yeah. It's just about the differentials. I'll start with my general questions. I'll rule out my GI differentials. Yeah. I will still rule out my KUV questions. I'll do my pelvic and hair and your questions. I will also do a liver and gallbladder. I know some of you might not be happy with this, but give me a moment. You will definitely ask me. So if anyone is listening to the recording, I know the site is right lower quadrant. Please don't ask me why you did liver and gallbladder. I'll tell you in a second. Yeah. This is how I'll approach the case. Same structure that we've done together. Nothing different. I'll just put in the same structure just to see what I get. Let's come back over here. Do version one. The patient tells you like, yeah, I have a mild pain in the lower stomach and it's happening in the right lower side. Because if you make it better or worse, yeah, it gets better with taking panadol and resting. I have a history of having this pain before too. And in my concerns in my open and the statement, I'm very worried about a gallbladder. Still, my mom had one, had a surgery and blah, blah, blah, blah, I'm very concerned of having that surgery. La, la, la. So if anyone wants to tell me that I'll skip liver and gallbladder because the patient told me right lower quadrant, think why the designer of the case just wrote down. The right side that abdominal pain and now you do have a very good concern of looking into your questions for liver and gallbladder. And when you ask the LNP, it's exactly 14 days ago. So what is your provisional diagnosis now? Mild pain gets better with rest and panadol has happened before too and exactly on a very certain time in a cycle. What is your diagnosis? Very typical. By this point, you're sure it's middle schmails until you get the investigations. Now, let's read out the report together. The report tells you you see a ruptured follicle in the right ovary. You see fluid in the pouch of Douglas. Just to confuse you, there are a few gallstones there. But they're not causing any inflammation. There is no thickness in the gallbladder wall. There is no obstruction there. To make it worse, your appendix is not visible and there is no history of appendectomy or appendicectomy. What is your diagnosis now? Everyone put your diagnosis in the chat. It's a very interesting design case. Whoever designed it is doing his best to confuse you. It's the same. So just to help you guys remember, if anyone asks me a very special question, I'll be back man slapping you. What is that special question? Oh, I mean, can this be appendicitis? Because appendix is not visible, obviously. Look guys, we've appendicitis. We do like doing ultrasound just to avoid the radiation of a CT scan. But with an ultrasound, after that tells you, there are a lot of patient-specific operators, specific features that kind of impact your appendix visualization on ultrasound. But the rates of an indeterminate examinations are high up to 50 to 85% of the normal appendix are not visualized. So coming back over here, can this be appendicitis? Definitely no. Don't even ask me the question. Can this be a colicistitis gallbladder problem? What do you think? I'm telling you I have a right lower quadrant pain. Can it be a balear colic? No, you tell the lady, it's not balear colic. Your diagnosis stays the same. So please remember, in this case, an opportunity to go diagnosis from middle shimmers or mid-cycle, where it's going to stay the same. What are the features of middle shimmers? It's a very mild pain. Can be recurrent. It happens at day 14, mid-cycle. It's interesting that the causes are even the follicle and largement prior to ovulation can create a little bit of pain. But the moment that ovulation happens, you may have a little bit of bleeding and a little bit of follicle of fluid that goes into the peritoneal cavity and gives you pain. And what is this fluid? Same blood. What do you have? You have a ruptured follicle. Yeah? So the only point of this case is to making it very clear. It is still mid-touch-mouse. Everyone agrees? Oh, good. So that's sorted. Now, let's get to a hard task. And that task is explain investigations. That's going to be hell of a task to explain this one. We'll try to do it as fast as we can and explain your diagnosis. Let's just jump over here. So I'm going to tell on the investigation, because we want to talk about a follicular rupture, you're not able to say a follicular rupture before you explain what's happening. And you want to make it layman term. So you tell the lady in each of your menstrual cycles or period cycles, one of the ovaries, one of the ovaries releases an X-cell in the tubes. So I'm starting very basic. The X-cell grows in a sac, grows in a sac called a follicle in the ovaries. So the X-cell grows in the ovaries in a small sac that we call follicles. And you can say it grows in the ovaries in the first two weeks, in the first two weeks of your cycle, of your cycle. Around day 14, around day 14 of your cycle, or if you want to just say mid-cycle, this follicle ruptures, this follicle ruptures, and causes some bleeding, come some bleeding and releases fluid in your stomach causing pain. This is the most simple version that I can explain that. I want to make it more worse than this follicular enlargement and stuff like that. Tell me what the X-cell is, tell me where the X-cell grows, what happens to give me the idea about what the follicle is, and the reason of this pain is the follicle ruptures. You have bleeding, some fluid released in your abdominal cavity or in your stomach, and that causes pain. So that's the easiest explanation that you can do. Are we all good? Easy? Perfect. So don't make it worse than this. This takes you to the diagnosis. And the funny thing is now that you want to explain the diagnosis, you already explained it before in the investigation. You just tell the lady that we call this condition of middle shimmers, or a mid-cycle pain. Mid-cycle pain. And as I told you, it is caused by the release of the X-cell, or the rupture of the follicle, whatever you like. You give her reasons. Now in terms of the reasons, first of all, it's the time in your cycle that you're getting this pain. I can see this pain is happening exactly on day 14. Yeah. It has happened before. So you're telling me in your previous cycles, you most likely have had the same pain. And it's the characteristics of the pain, because we expect a mild pain, non-significant pain, that you're telling me, it gets better with rest, it just goes away with panadol, it's not that bad. And I've ruled out other conditions as part of my history taking. In this very special case, before you go into differentials, you have a big concern. I told you, Momom has had stones in her gallbladder and surgical removal. I don't want that. You tell her that I don't think the pain, I don't think the pain is because of stones in your gallbladder, stones in your gallbladder. I'll go back to the investigation and explain it in a second. But you give her reasons to reassure her. The reasons that I don't think you do have stones in the gallbladder is, there is no inflammation in the gallbladder, there is no thickness of the gallbladder wall, and the sight of the pain is not suggestive of having pain from the gallstones. So this is how you reassure her. So this pain is not really relevant to that. I'll just go back over here. So the fact that you just have diagnosis doesn't mean that you're not going to tell me the concern. You may skip the frontials, although our agreement together has been, whenever you don't have a task of differential, I'll take five to ten seconds quickly to drop a few differentials. I was thinking about a few other conditions, this, this and that, and quickly skip it. Now just to complete this case, sorry, got a little bit unorganized, after you explain the middle schmess, you just need to explain the other two things that you tell her that I can see some stones in your gallbladder, I can see some stones in your gallbladder, but they are not blocking. They are not blocking the tubes. And there is no inflammation. There is no inflammation in the gallbladder. You keep it simple. So I can see you do have some stones in your gallbladder, but they're not creating any problems. They're not blocking the tubes, not blocking the outlet. There is no inflammation in the gallbladder. The thickness of the wall is fine. And we have not been able to, we're not able to see your appendix. I don't want you to talk more about that. That's enough. And we were looking for your appendix, but we weren't able to see that. That's not an uncommon finding. That's a very normal finding of an ultrasound of appendix. And once you get over here, you tell her you have me, two schmess and tell her about the concern, speed out a few differentials. In the online exam, they ask you about management. Unfortunately, I don't have a good guideline to show you for management. I don't know why the topic is not proud in any guideline anymore. So it's not enough today, not an Australian guideline. I know where I can really find a good guideline about it. The only reason for that is it is not a significant condition. It is a normal process of a, of a relation that happens in many ladies. But usually you have a conservative treatment. What is your conservative treatment? Whenever you get it, just painkillers, just rest. Heat packs are advised to be helpful. You can put some hot packs on the lower abdomen, reassure the patient. So we expect it to get better by itself. But you still give red flags to your patient. That if you notice your pain is getting worse, pain is getting worse. You have vaginal bleeding that is not usual. You have any fever. Maybe it might be best to go to the emergency department and give it a check. Yeah. I know someone who's going to ask me, you do have vague mentions that OCPs may control this condition, but again, unfortunately, I don't have a good guideline to tell you, yes or no. It's a may, if you do have a lady who has recurrent midtushmas, problematic midtushmas, you can put them on OCPs because it kind of regulates the ovulation and everything. It is thought to help with midtushmas. But anyway, when I ask you, what is the management of this acute episode of midtushmas? It's this, it's not really about planning for the future management of OCPs. If anyone wants to mention it, I don't have any problems. And this is version number one. I'll do version number two. We'll come back to this, come back to questions in a second. Let's do version number two. Interesting small change. That's the small thing that we want to talk about. Your next patient is a 24-year-old lady, same lady with right-sided. You don't know upper or lower abdominal pain. You take a history, it's the same. We're going to give you investigations on a card or on the screen. You explain your diagnosis and your differentials to this patient, but the new thing in this one is counsel the patient regarding the condition. It's still going to end up being a midtushmas case. It's not indifferent. So the patient tells you, there's a sharp pain last a few seconds. My LNP was exactly 14 days ago and you don't find anything else. You find the same characteristics that you expect in midtushmas. The only difference is in this one, she tells you that I'm worried about appendicitis now, not a call of latestones, small minor change. So when we address the concern, you have to tell me why appendicitis is not possible. That I'm sure now that we've talked about it, especially that alvarado score, you know why it is not possible. When you get the ultrasound report, it's the same thing. And this kind of gives the case a little bit of better context because this patient is worried about appendicitis and you're not seeing appendicitis. You're not seeing appendix. So you have to have better reasons of why you think appendicitis is not happening and it is because there is no shift of pain. There is no anorexia, there is no fever, there is no nausea, there is no all of those typical features that we talked about together. Yeah. Let us quickly jump over here. So in terms of version two, history taking, I'll just do the same. Nothing is gonna be different. And with dynamic stability open and at concern, explore the pain, general questions, GI questions, KUB pelvic and we'll go through the thing together. In this case, interestingly, you don't have the explain investigation task anymore and it is kind of obvious because they've given your counseling task at the end so they need to save you time. You read the investigations, you don't need to explain it. You get to diagnosis, but the reality is to explain mitle summons, you have to build up a little bit of an explanation that okay, this is happening in your ultrasound and why I'm making the diagnosis. So we'll still make the diagnosis of mitle schmirs, mitle schmirs or mit cycle pain. I'll give a semi-brief explanation, but this is a hard condition to explain. So maybe I'll go with the same way that you do have an Excel that is released into the tubes by ovaries. It starts growing in a follicle in your ovaries and when it ruptures, it causes some pain that we call mit cycle pain. That's all I'll explain over here. With the different shows, the first thing that you wanna do is you wanna talk about the concern. So look, Shane, I understand you were concerned about appendicitis, the problem you have in this case, we did not see their appendix on your ultrasound, but I'm quite confident that you don't have appendicitis. Tell me the reasons guys in the chat box. This will be the last question I ask you today. What are the reasons that this is not appendicitis? Just a minute ago. So in appendicitis, the pain starts from the belly button, then shifts, you don't have this. In appendicitis, usually you lose appetite. The appetite is normal. Usually we expect nausea and vomiting, you don't have it. We expect fever, you don't have it. And not seeing their appendix on an ultrasound is a very common finding. So a lot of people, when we do an ultrasound, we wouldn't be able to see their appendix. That doesn't mean you have appendicitis, but I'm quite confident you don't have it. And this takes you to the counseling. That the counseling task is kind of the same management task that we talked about the previous case. Okay, what should you do about middle shimmers? As I told you, this is a benign condition. It's a normal change that happens in the ovary and the follicle. Whenever you get the pain, I just want you to rest. Just take simple painkillers like parasyte, or malpannidol, neurophen. We can put down hot packs on your lower stomach. I will give you red flags, but I just want to reassure you that this is not a very significant serious condition. It's part of the normal process of your ovulation and the normal part of the cycle. In the long run, if this happens over and over again, we do have an option of starting you on oral contraception pills that might help control the situation. If you ask me for any references, I don't have any. And this is how you'll just wrap up the counseling. That is the same management. Slight variation of the case, I think that the appendicitis is a little bit nicer compared to the gallbladder, because the gallbladder is quite obvious. No sorry, I'll just give you the report. They wouldn't ask you to read the ultrasound report. Yeah, so you wouldn't have to worry about that. They just tell you the report is a ruptured follicle, this step. And OCPs don't exactly stop ovulation, but more of regulate the hormonal cycle, that I've seen. So it is set to kind of help with mitleushments. Their