Hi everyone, hope all of you guys are well and welcome to this video. Now we've been talking together for a couple of hours so far talking about the exam, the blue, green and about the exam day and all of these topics have to prepare for the exam. But now we want to start looking at our osuke exam in a more professional way just to get a bit of understanding about how can we prepare for it a little bit better. As all of you know, AIMC, the best example of osuke exam, the OSC and E stand for objective structured clinical examination. So we already know that we are doing a clinical examination that's out of the way. But we want to focus a little bit more on the objective word and the structured word. Now what do they mean when they say like osuke is structured, the way that they designed the osuke is extremely specific. Why is it specific? Because I cannot give you a general case of, okay, your patient has come to you with headache, tell me what you want to do. That is a little bit too general. In eight minutes someone might talk more on examination, someone might talk more on management and at that point I have a little bit of difficulty on who I want to pass. In terms of being structured, it is specific meaning that you have tasks. So I will be giving you cases because of the time limitation we have. In each case, I'm going to focus on a certain area, on a certain task, very specific task. That your task is kind of the predominant assessment area. For example, in eight minutes I want to assess your history, taking skills, I'll give you headache case, you take history for me and tell me diagnosis and differentials. I want to look at your diagnostic formulation. I'll give you a chest pain case, take history, I'll give you an ECG formula, your diagnosis based on the findings of your history and your ECG. This is the way that we are kind of looking into this together. So an osuke exam will be extremely structured, extremely specific. You have very specific tasks because that specific task needs to come over here and give you an exam in a marksheet. Now, no one can ignore and deny the subjective nature of an osuke exam because if I'm a nice person, I'm on a good mood, I've had my coffee, obviously I have a high chance of passing you compared to my bad day. When I'm a little bit grumpy, I haven't had my coffee, I haven't slept well, I might be a little bit more tough on passing you. And when I use the nice guy, Alex is the hard, tough guy. Obviously, these guys have different passing rates. There is a little bit of a subjective nature in an osuke exam, but to kind of counter that, we need to make it as objective as possible. And the only way to make it objective for a mirror and Alex to score the candidate, preferably similar or quite similar is to give him a marksheet. Now when you give him a marksheet, you have to make that marksheet so specific and by specific, I mean, I have to write down boxes. Did Emir and Alex have to tick off box one tick off? Box two not ticked off? Box three not ticked off? Box four ticked off? For them to make a decision about passing or failing. This is the way that they design a osuke, the concept of osuke exam. So you can see an osuke exam is extremely specific. Usually you don't understand how specific it is because you don't understand the way that they design a case for osuke exam and at the end of the day you don't understand how they designed a marksheet because you might have not seen a marksheet. We just have one example of a marksheet in AMC and that is on a shortness of breath case. Now let's go forward. The two things that we want to talk about in this video and the next video is an osuke exam is designed, extremely specific for a outcome and your outcome is obviously pass or fail. But the few things that we need to dissect over here, we'll understand how they design a case, we'll understand about how we can kind of re-engineer this design and kind of prepare a little bit better. Then we'll come to the outcome, talk about the scoring system, the scoring system is very interesting. In the next video we'll talk about the scoring system, I'll show you a few marks sheets. And then we'll talk about the hidden biases. These biases are very important because after a wall of doing osuke exams we realized that it's a very effective tool in assessing medical professionals but we did realize there are some biases both on the examiner side and the candidate side. So we started training our examiner's that you have to know these biases and you're not going to pass that candidate if there is any bias in that case. So let's come to the main question, how do I design a case? Now, if I want to design a case for you guys, this is how I'll design. So I'll decide on a topic. For example, I'll decide that I want to design a case of migraine for them. For the exam, I want to give out a case of migraine for example. Second thing I need to decide is what is the predominant assessment area that I want to do? Do I want to do for example history taking, diagnostic formulation, counseling, I'll say I want to focus on history taking as the predominant assessment area. Now once I do that, I need to come up with a stem and more importantly with tasks. So I come up with a stem that, okay, you have a 24-year-old lady. She's come to your complaining of headaches for two months and a little bit of extra unnecessary information for the task. I'll give you a history taking. If I want to prompt it to kind of focus on the history a little bit properly, I'll give you six minutes of prompt time, so six minutes of history taking. And then your next task to be diagnosed some differentials. But the next thing that I do after I design this case, because now my case is ready to be used in the exam, I have to write down two things. Number one, I have to write down a kind of case description for the role player. So this role player has to read it. What is positive? What is negative? What to answer? How to act the case? What is your concern at the beginning? Tell them like, look, you know, my brother has had brain cancer. Brain tumor, I'm worried about having the same. I need to decide the design, kind of a case description or kind of a script for the case to give to the role player. But more importantly, I need to decide on a mark sheet. Now when I want to design my mark sheet for this case, the concept of Oscar becomes important that I need to make it objective, which means as much as the case is specific, I need to decide on specific points that are critical for me in passing this case. I need to lay out a set of boxes, a set of list of things to do for this examiner to start ticking off it and for him to decide if they want to pass you or fail you. This mark sheet brings up the point of, okay, I'll tell my examiner's that these are the key points. This case has a few key points. For example, key point number one, I want them to rule out red flags of the space occupied in Legion. If they don't, they've missed a key point. Number two, they have to ask for the critical criteria of migrant, for example, aura, triggers and so on. Number three, for example, whatever, these are my key points. Then on the history taking, I write down a description for the examiner you scored and one to seven. Every envelope is a fail for and above is a pass. These are the things that I want to do. I write down three lines of information. They have to explore the description of the pain in detail. So they have to understand the nature of the pain. They have to rule out serious differentials that are infections like meningitis, brain tumours, space occupying lesions and so on. They have to ask about this. They have to do a social issue of stress assessment and so on for the examiner to understand. On the diagnosis and differential specifically, they have to come down to the conclusion of migrant being the most likely diagnosis in their differential diagnosis. List number one, two, three, four, five, six, seven. Now it's very, very specific because your examiner goes, okay, she did this. She missed this. She missed this. Out of this, she did a description of the pain. She ruled out maybe one of the serious ones, the stress history. So she's missed one, two, three points. I'm going to maybe give her a free out of seven out of the differential. She came to my grain, one, two, the rest of the differentials were not good, not even on my list. I'm going to give her a free over here and fail her. So this is the way that I designed a case for an off-skate exam. Now let's do another one. So I want to do the same migrant case, but let's change our mind. Let's do it in another way. I want to do a pre-dominant assessment area of counseling and management. So my pre-dominant assessment area is counseling and management. Now I designed a stem for this. I write not two big pages of a stem. So next patient is a 24-year-old lady who's come to you with six months of headache. She has nausea on the headache. She has photophobia. The mother has a family issue of migrants. She has on combined oral contraceptive pills. We've done an MRI. MRI is normal. We've done examination and examination is normal. Now your task is to explain your diagnosis to the patient. Council her regarding her management plan. At this point I'll clearly come down and design a very specific mark sheet for the examiner. These are the key points that I need the candidate to do for her to pass this case. If they tick off enough, that's good. If they don't, we're done and you will fail them. Now we want to talk about the important thing. What we've been doing for a very long time. How can we reverse engineer or re-engineer anoskey? This is us being a little bit clever on how can we re-engineer this process of oskey exam. The way that oskey worked was which they chose a topic. They decided on a pre-dominant assessment area. They made tasks. That task got two key points of very specific mark sheet. Now I'll tell you the incorrect way. That has not been working and then we'll talk about the better way. What is the incorrect way of re-engineering your oskey is? Let's memorize recalls. It's a lovely shortcut. You don't need to study. You don't need to practice. You don't need to work on it. You don't need to put in effort. You pass your MCQ like that. You memorize a little bit of recalls. You study two lines extra for each case and then enter the exam correct. I chose the correct box and voila, you pass your MCQ. The problem over here is in an oskey it was more about how you do that. You have to show how. It's not choosing a box. In the incorrect way you aim to memorize this. You go on a telegram group, you open Marva notes, you open your recall collections and you look at the headache case, headache, migraine. I have a chest pain, I have a chest pain, paracarditis, I have a this. If the patient says fever, I'll say paracarditis. If the patient says stress, I'll say tension headache. The only problem is that doesn't pass you in the exam. Because when you go for the topic, first of all, there's a big bias over here. I will talk about the biases in the next video. You can read about it. And also listen to me talk about the biases. I was trained on the biases when I started working. If I received, I received, if you as a medical educator, the first thing they told me, sit down. We need to teach you how to be examined. Do not pass a candidate who you can clearly see has memorized the case. Who doesn't follow a logical approach to the diagnosis. You will clearly see that. And especially after working a while with IMGs, you'll see the candidate who thinks he's very clever and has memorized the case doesn't follow a logical sequence. Do not pass them. This does not work. And again, if anyone has any doubt that it doesn't work, please look at the passing rate. Why is 25% of you passing? Although all of you have access to the recalls and all of you memorized recalls. If it was about memorizing cases, the passing rate would have been 95%, not 25%. Now what is a better way to prepare for this and re-engineering instead of going and just aiming on the top of the pyramid is aiming to start from the bottom of the pyramid and move up. So we already know the recall is migraine. We've learned about how to identify a predominant assessment area. So when you say that history taking for six minutes diagnosed in differentials, this was a predominant assessment area of history taking. And you already have the recalls. Good that'll kind of aid you in the process. Sometimes recalls are incorrect and not always completely recalled for you, but they still work. We need to re-engineer this part. So we need to prepare ourselves on what do they have on their mark sheets and I need to take off those boxes. And this is the reason that my classes are the most famous classes for MCclinical. That's why you're starting with me. Because other courses want you to memorize cases. I tell you like, let's understand. What are the key points of a migraine? Let's make it better. Let's approach a headache case. Instead of memorizing a migraine case, let's make a structure a proper logical sequence of questioning for a headache case. Let's understand what are the key questions that the examiner has on the mark sheet. Let's understand good differentials. And by doing that, that is when we start understanding, okay, that's how we pass the exam. On working on this component. We're not reverse engineering anything. We're not doing anything bad. We're understanding what is a good approach to a headache. Not in all skates, I mean real life. Not only for MCclinical, but for any all skates I mean the world. Because the headache case, migraine case that they do here is the same as they do in P-Lab, the same as they do in Canada, the same as they do in NZRX. You have to understand what are the key questions that needs to be in a headache history taking for you to pass the case. Rather than I just know the diagnosis of migraine. Did you ask the key points of migraine? No. Did you rule out red flags of headache? No. Did you rule out a good list of differentials? No. So what did you do? You just knew the case was migraine. Good on you. Do you expect them to pass you? They will not pass you. So guys, by reverse engineering or osc. Please, I need you guys to get our understanding that instead of just jumping, what is the recall, what is the recall, what is the diagnosis? You have to think about. My case before it is a migraine case because the recall tool to its migraine is a headache case. How should I pass a headache case? Rather than how should I pass a migraine case? When you think about how should I pass a headache case, at that point you make yourself a lovely structure. We are going to do this together. We will make a lovely structure. The interesting thing is the structure of your migraine, tension, headache, trigemnal arousal, all of them will be the same because that structure is approaching a headache in a logical, sequenced way. And it really doesn't matter what your case is. The key points of all headache cases are the same. The red flags of all headache cases are the same. And that is how you reverse engineer your osc. Now, the last thing that we want to talk about is the way they score you before we get to the scoring system. So now that we've defined how osc. works and how we want to prepare for it to reverse engineer it, we have to work on this process. We're going to have a big chat about the scoring system. So that's nothing new. We're going to talk about the scoring system. I'll show you how it works. So at least how we think it works. But there is a process on how our examiner would make a decision to pass or fail you. And that is on this component. So I call this think out loud. I think it is necessary. You have to kind of pick this up. This is very different to what you do in your real life practice. So let me tell you what I do in a real life practice. When a patient comes to me and she tells me that she has headache, I start thinking about a lot of things. OK, can be probably general, nor how's your can be a brain tumor, can be migraine tension headache, maybe infection sign as I just whatever. I start taking the history. I ask about the pain a few questions. Maybe I'll ask one question for red flags. And if she's lost weight, if she has vision problems, no orishable deficit and so on. But in my mind, I'm ruling out conditions. OK, she doesn't have any red flags. She has no fever. She doesn't have sinusitis features, but she has features of migraine. She has nausea. She has photophobia. She has these blurry lines that she sees before the headaches. She is on a real contraceptive pills. And her mom has a weird headache very similar to her that she doesn't know the diagnosis. And at then, I tell her, like, look, I think you have migraine. I think you have migraine because the things that you told me match the description of a migraine, I don't tell her differentials. I tell her the management plan will make a plan. I agree on it and I send her off. Does that work in your exam? No. Because you have to understand how does the examinor score you by whatever you show to them? And you have to think in a history taking case, obviously, when I'm performing something, it's not a physical examination. What are you showing off? You're showing off your thinking process. This is extremely important for me, guys. So we are not going to do it like real life. You're going to do it askeh style. In oskisal, there is a dramatic exaggerated performance. Why is it exaggerated? Why is it dramatic? Because you have to show it off. And yes, it is dramatic. You'll do it a little bit more exaggerated of what you do in real life. And I know it feels a little bit weird at the beginning, but it is part of the show of process. Now, Jenny, I think you have migraine, but I was thinking about a very serious condition that is a brain to your mouth. I was able to rule that out because you don't have any red flags. I'll never say such a thing to a patient in real life. It will just freak you out. But in oskisal, I have to tell the most important differential of mine. I was also thinking about tension headache. You didn't have any stress. I was thinking about trigeminal noralgia. This happened. That happened. And you go down the list. So it is thinking out loud. Please don't walk into the exam and look at the stem. Okay, 24-year-old doesn't get brain to him. I don't want to ask the questions. I asked one question of fever. She said, no, so I ruled out all my infections. I don't want to ask any further questions. I'll show that out. No, no, no. As differentials at that point. I know the case is migraine. Just ask a few questions for migraine. Ooh, I got my diagnosis and boom. I want to pass the case, but you don't. So part of the process is thinking out loud. Thinking out your differentials out loud at the end. You're explaining them to the patient before you examine it to hear. I was thinking about this condition, this condition, this condition. When you are in a history taking, ask the first question. Do you have any fever? No. Okay, there's a low chance of infections. Tell me, do you have any features of sinusitis? Do you have any features of dental infections? Do you have any sore neck from meningitis? I need to show off to my examin' and my thinking process. And this is the big problem. Because the thing that you forget is, and this is a very interesting thing, you have to sit as an examiner to understand this, when I'm listening to your performance of history taking or counseling case or whatever you're doing, I'm thinking to myself, rather than just taking off boxes on my marks sheet, I'm thinking to myself, okay, what is your thinking process? What are you doing? What are you trying to do? And I'm trying to understand that. Now, just imagine for yourself that you have a messy, messy, unorganized process that is not logical, not sequenced, history taking. I'll tell me, fever, eye pain, rashes on your body, leg pain, body aches, lost a lot of weight, I don't know, travel history. At this point, I enter a messy thinking process. And at that point, it's not a thinking process that I will pass in the case. But when you go in a structured, sequenced way, okay, you're kind of doing the description of the pain. Okay, you're ruling out red flags of space occupations. Okay, you know the key points of my brain all of them came together in a pack. You're ruling out, oh, try to get them, no, no, no, I was good, you're ruling out infections, you know different types of infections. I feel your thinking process. I can see your thinking process because you are thinking out loud. Do not keep anything in your mind. This is where the concept of oscary exam starts happening that a oscary exam is a knowledge. Combined with delivery. Now, the main scoring happens on this component, whatever you deliver, I'm not able to look inside your brain, okay, how much information do you have in your brain? For me to decide if I want to pass your failure, I'll see how much you deliver on the day, how much you think out loud, how much you perform, how much you show off. What are the differentials that you tell the patient because that's how I'm assessing you. So please understand any piece of information in your mind needs to come out. Anything that you know needs to come out because if you have the best knowledge in the world, 100% prepared, your professor Mouta, you go in the exam, you do not deliver it well, you will not pass oscary exam. And there is no way for that examiner to understand and look into your brain, oh, you have such a great knowledge, I want to pass you, doesn't work like that. You have to understand that delivery is a critical component of it and what do I mean by delivery? In simple words, guys, you need to show off. You need to show off, you know, extremely dramatic, exaggerated way. I know it's a simulated environment, I know the pro-play is not a real patient, I know you don't have the feeling you're stressed, but you have to act like you're seeing a real patient in a very extremely dramatic way. I'll tell everyone, please have a little bit of drama. The first moment that I realized how things are dramatic is the first time that I sat with Australian trained medical student. They do oscars from year one to free end, moving forward. The only thing that they do on year one is being dramatic. They don't know what they're doing, they're just dramatic. You have to see how they explore concerns, how they talk to the patient. This statement's that they use the open-ended questions. They don't know what they're doing, but it's so dramatic that you get affected and influence on my court, they're doing such a great job. So please remember, out of this process, we want to think out loud. Now in the next two videos, what I'm going to do is, I'll initially talk about the biases. So I'll show you some biases, they're very interesting. These are what they tell the examiner that please do not pass a candidate who goes for any of these biases. And again, you're welcome to go in the examiner, try it off, your examiner's a little bit more clever and a little bit more trained than you. They've been in this field a little bit longer than you and they've worked with more people than you can imagine. When I see the first candidate, I might know what they're doing when I see the tenth one. I might start thinking, okay, these guys are memorizing reacals. When I see the 500th candidate, at that point, I know what you're doing, what is your pattern of thinking. I even know how you've trained, how you're doing things. And that's when I tell you as an examiner, talk for one minute, I've already made up my mind if I want to pass a failure. The way that you start, I get idea, okay, good candidate. No, no working. And that is how you have to be a little bit clever. I thought this is a very important thing to talk about before we get to the scoring system because throughout our conversation, you can't see, I'm telling you one thing over, over, again, please do not memorize reacals. I know psychologically it feels good. I know it's psychologically convinces you that you're doing a great job, but you're not doing a great job. Believe me, you're not. And again, you don't need to hear that from me. Just look at the passing rate. There's something wrong here. So if everyone has access to that telegram group with the reacals and everyone has modern notes that is essential to the compilation of all the reacals of, I don't know, 2017 to 2020. Why are still people failing the cases? The same cases, why are people failing the migraine case? In my first exam, I failed the migraine case and it's a little bit funny. I came to the right diagnosis. At that point, I didn't have an understanding because they just told me like, you know, walk in, make the diagnosis of migraine, you'll be fine. I wasn't fine. For my second exam, I realized, ooh, there is a little bit of a change needed here. Funny enough, I get another headache case in my second exam, it's a tension headache. My passes pass the case with five and sixes. And that's when I realized like, okay, you guys have a mark sheet, very specific. My job was to take off your mark sheet, not to feel clever and just arrive to a diagnosis. So I'll see you in the next video. We'll have a chat about the cognitive biases. Then we're gonna get to the very depressing talk on our scoring system.