Now, we've kind of done our structure together. You have your structure. We've talked about history, differential physical examination. We want to take that to the exam and see how we go. Let's start on case number one, an interesting group of questions that we want to do. We'll jump to this one, my apologies. It'll go this one. Now, case number one, your next patient is a 27-year-old lady who presents to the emergency department complaining of abdominal pain. So in the context, you have a 27-year-old young lady female and it's just telling you, abdominal pain, you don't have any sight in the stem, you don't have any duration in the stem. This is where the problem starts that you just want to have one structure. You read your task. Your task is to take a history for four minutes. We are going to give you a prompt time. So in the stem, it'll be very specifically mentioned that we are going to give you a prompt time at four minutes, prompt time at four minutes. The prompt time will mean that you get a bell, you hear a mini bell inside of the station and ask physical examination from the examiner. They usually label this beside that task that you will only be given findings if you ask specifically. They're gonna solve a lot of problems with people complaining that I asked the question that they didn't give me the findings. So they're kinda labeled it when you ask physical examination. We're already telling you you have to be very specific and then explain your diagnosis and your differentials to the patient. Okay, so what we want to do together is, we want to kind of brainstorm together and go into this case into the exam. What I want you to do is, we will practice a little bit of a brainstorming together in terms of brainstorming, the way that brainstorming works is, when you're in the exam center, you're reading the stem outside. You have two minutes to think. This needs to be practiced on your side. When you're reading that stem, you have to think about a few questions. What do I want to go inside and do in this station? What is my plan in the next eight minutes inside this station? I'll give you 30 seconds, guys. I'll grab a piece of scrap paper, although in the exam you're not able to write down, but we just want to review everything that we learned together. Ask yourself, what is the list of differentials for this patient that comes to your mind? Second thing is, please try to map your history taking. In terms of mapping your history taking, you should be able to write down four boxes of things that you want to do and then put that differential diagnosis list into it. So I'll give you a few seconds, please think, do the brainstorming for me, then we'll jump into the case together, we'll see how we go. You Okay guys good. So this is what I needed you guys to think about. I have the structure in your framework in your mind. This is what kind of goes in my mind. Okay, in terms of abdominal pain, I have a young lady. Things that I want to definitely rule out in this case. I want to look into the GI group, the KUB group. It is a lady, so there's a good chance. I don't know if it's lower or not, but I will remember to do pelvic. If it's lower, obviously pelvic. If it's upper, I really know where I want to go. So that's how I'm thinking. I have different groups of differentials and that's in my mind. I think that in the next eight minutes, I've already practiced my structure. So many times that I know what I'm going to do. I'm going to go into an intro. I'm going to explore the pain properly. Then I'm going to start ruling out my differentials. At the end of exploring the pain, I'll have a better idea about where what differentials are relevant to my case. And I want to do that. And number four, I want to do a good closure. So just be a little bit patient with me. We'll get there. Now, let's go into the case. You open the door. Mistake examiner is waiting for you. You show him your tag. He ID checks you. Sanitize your hand. You do that. Takes you to the patient. You have another copy of your case on the desk and on the monitor. Do you have any questions? I'll tell you like, yeah, examiner, just before I start, I want to make sure my patient is stable. And can you please tell me the vitals? The examiner will tell you, okay, let me tell you all of them. Blood pressure is 110 over 70. Your pulse rate is 88. Your respiratory rate is 12. Temperature is 36.5. If I asked, if I asked one by one, I'll ask you one by one. I'll sit down and introduce myself. Simple and quick. Hi, Jen, my name is Amir. I'm your doctor for today. Doesn't matter if it's GP or medical officer. I'm your doctor for today. I'll start with a nice open-ended question. Now, how can I help you today? Jen will start telling me an opening statement. In her opening statement, she gives me a lot of information. So, Dr., I've been having this pain in the right, lower side of my stomach. Okay, so I'm getting information. So, I've been having this pain in the right, lower side of my stomach. It started yesterday. It's getting worse. And I'm starting to get a little bit worried about it. So, that is a statement that you get packed with information. So, she defined the site for me. That's good. She's already kind of giving me when the pain started, the onset of it, and she's already expressed the concern. Now, what I do is, before I want to go into my closing-ended question and the rest of my history taking, I need to respond to this opening statement of yours. What is the response that I do? It's the same box that we called it, I need to address her concern. Now, the things that I want to do in addressing her concern is, again, I want to be a little bit empathic towards her. I want to acknowledge her concern that, yes, this afternoon, it'll play in the sound series to me too. I want to kind of be a little bit reassuring. One thing that I want to talk about, and we talked about it in the previous videos, the concept of a painkiller. Now, this concept is super-renowning. We've come a long way from the days that I used to do my exam that they used to tell us, it's a key point. If you don't offer a painkiller, you'll fail the case. Up to the point that I convinced, convinced everyone to give it up. We all gave it up and nothing happened. We're still passing the cases until we hit 2025, the year of gentleness. And now, some of your role players are acting, oh, I'm in pain and stuff like that. In terms of a painkiller, guys, I would like you guys to offer it. When I say offer it, you just ask two questions. Nothing more. Question number one, are you in pain now? Question number two, if the answer is yes, would you like a painkiller? Now, before 2025, all of your patients would say either no. I've been given some, I don't want some, I've already taken some, so the answer is no, I don't want some. In 2025, suddenly two role players in the entire said yes, I want it. And this is where it opens a door to a problem. Just tell the patient that look, I'll arrange some painkillers for you. I'll arrange some painkillers, but let's just proceed with the first one. Some painkillers, but let's just proceed with our history taking. What I'm asking you to skip is I am not going to be asking allergies. I am not going to be asking what painkillers she's already taken. I'm not going to ask anything else about the painkiller. There is a specific reason for this number one. The specific reason is this is eating my precious form in a time for history taking. And at this point, you run out of time for your differentials and you have to ask yourself, was offering that painkiller more important or the differential. The second topic is to be honest, this painkiller is a little bit annoying. I always use this joke that no patient comes in my room. I tell them, shut up, shove this down, your fraud, then start talking to me. I cannot make a decision of what painkiller I want to give a patient without making a diagnosis, without examining the patient, and without taking history. None of you do that. You will not do this over here to no one will ask me the question after this. That if she says, yes, what painkiller should I give her? You give her nothing. You give her nothing. I'll arrange that. Let's proceed. My task is history taking. So I want you to just include the painkiller into this. So if you would have listened to me like the first half of 2025 was telling people not to do it. Don't do it. Give it up completely. Towards the end of 2025, I started telling people that if you get a person who is insisting, I mean, pain, offer it to her, but it's just the offer. You want it? Yes, you want it. I'll arrange some. I'll have a patient and proceed. So this will kind of overall give me responding to that initial statement. So this is how I'll do it. I'm really sorry to hear that, Jenna. So I'm really sorry to hear that. The pain you describe is concerning. The pain you describe is concerning. So I'm acknowledging at the same time being a little bit empathic. So I'm really sorry to hear that, Jenna. The pain that you're describing is concerning to me too. Now I want to be a little bit reassuring. I'll need to ask you a few questions. I'll need to ask you a few questions to get a better idea. To get a better idea about your pain. About your pain. And I promise to take good care of you. To take good care of you. Is that okay with you? Yes, doctor. That's fine. So question. Are you in pain now? Yes, I am. Do you want any painkiller? No, I don't want any painkillers now. That's okay. What if Jenna says yes, I want painkiller. So Jenna, I'll arrange for some painkillers. I'll call the nurse to arrange it. But let's proceed with our research. We're taking that. Okay. So you have kind of ticked off that box completely. Different concepts that you're keeping in mind and responding to the initial statement of your patient. Now in my mind, I go to step number two. In step number two, I want to assess the pain. I would love this structure for that sick aura. Now, I know everyone wants to ask me like, you know, the patient already told you the site. Do you still want to ask the site? I have the habit of reconferming because whenever a role play gives you something, there's always something that they've missed in it. Just to reconferm. I don't have any problems asking Jenna. Can you just tell me where do you feel the pain? So I told you it's in the right lower side of my stomach. Okay. Now I remember in my structure, I made a point for that shifting of the pain. I asked this patient the key point of this case. So your pain is in the right lower quadrant, but can you tell me where did the pain start? Where did the pain start? The patient drops it. Yeah, the doctor initially started around my belly button. So yesterday it was around my belly button, but today I feel in the right lower quadrant. That kind of gives off the case very quickly. Ooh, I know what you have. Well, easy key point. Now Jenna, tell me about the intensity of the pain scale. I want to 10, 10 is the worst pain that you've experienced. One is the least pain. How about is your pain? It's a six doctor. Okay. Regarding the quality of the pain. Can you tell me if it's a sharp or dull ache? I feel it as a dull vague ache in my stomach. Okay. So you've already told me when it started, but is your pain on and off? Or is it constant? Continuous. It's continuously there. The doctor just doesn't go away. And is it getting worse? Gradually getting worse? Yeah, it is worse today. Does your pain radiate anywhere? No, it doesn't travel anywhere. And overall, is there anything that makes your pain better or worse? I haven't noticed anything making it better. The doctor is just getting worse by time. So tell me, is it better or worse when you eat or is it related to food? Have you noticed any position? Make your pain better or worse? No doctor. No related to food. No position. Makes any difference on it. Okay. Good. By this point, you have a clear idea. So I told you, if you start exploring the pain and finish exploring the pain, you will narrow down your differentials and you'll have a much better idea about what's going to happen in this case. So I have a acute pain, started belly button, shifted down to the right lower quadrant. At this point, I want to ask you now, with these findings, what are the groups of differentials that you want to rule out in this lady? What are the few groups with these findings that you need to rule out in this lady? So I would preferably want groups. The GI group, I still have the KUB group, I still have the pelvic group. If anyone wants to tell me, I want to reshuffle, bring pelvic number two. It doesn't make much of a difference. I usually like to follow my structure. When I change it, I'm the stressier usually gets a little bit messy. I'll just follow my structure. Let's go into the structure together. Now, Jenna, do you have any nausea and vomiting? Yeah, Dr. I have nausea. I might have vomited once. Any bloating? No. Are you passing gas or wind? Yes, I am. Good. Have you noticed any diarrhea? No, Dr. Any constipation? No. What about fever? No, Dr. Good. Let's go forward. I asked my general GI questions in my structure. Now I want to get to my red flags. In my red flags, I want to ask those general cancer questions. Have you lost any weight lately? No, Dr. Have you lost any appetite? Yes, Dr. I have. This is where you take off anorexia. One of your important key points of the case. Let's you know where we're going. And it lumps and bumps in your body. No. And are you lightheaded or dizzy? No, Dr. Okay, good. So, have you noticed any blood in your stools? No, Dr. Have any blood in my stools? Any dark colored stools? No. And have you recently had any changes in your bowel motions? No, Dr. What about any families? Your bowel cancer? No. So, do you have any pain on passing urine? No, Dr. Are you passing urine more frequently? No. And have you had any blood in your urine? No, really, Dr. So, let's get to the pelvic group. Have you noticed any lumps in your groin? Any swelling in your groin? No. And let's come down to the pelvic question. First, I want to ask symptoms. Have you noticed any vaginal bleeding? No, Dr. I don't have any bleeding. What about any vaginal discharge? No. But I'll still ask you the question. When was your last period? My last period was three weeks ago. And are your periods regular? Yeah, they are regular. Okay. And regarding a sexual history, are you sexually active? Preparation like yes, I am. Do you usually practice safe sex and use condoms? Yeah, I do. Okay. At this point, I mean, I'm okay. If you want to ask the next question, have you ever been diagnosed with STI? You can. 99% of you guys will run out of time over here. And to be honest, I'm totally fine with it. You didn't ask me a good closure. I didn't care. I'll just ask the two questions that I missed over here. The previous surgeries and the medications. But when you look at this structure, this structure takes off all the essential components of a history taken that I expected in this case. You did a lovely description of your pain. You ruled out three groups of differentials. Each and everyone was critical. And I asked me key points. The key points of this case was asking this, asking anorexia that did fall into your structure, even if you weren't thinking about appendicitis gives you anorexia. Now, good job. Where time has finished for history taking. If anyone has extra time, just continue a structure. You have other differentials. You have a good closure. There's a lot you can do. But the only question is practically how much you can do. I'll say like as much as you reach over here, I'm more than happy and you've done a great job. Now, going back to our case, come back over here. So you take a history out of your history taking. These are your findings. So, patient tells you, right lower quadrant pain. It is a sharp pain or a dull ache. Start at last night. No radiation. It gives you that yes. Start around the belly button and move. Many people do not ask the anorexia question and the rexia should be positively. My appetite hasn't been good since yesterday and the role player acts like she's in pain. She's sitting there. I'm in pain. That again, I'm sure when you offer the pain, you're going to take that off. But let's get to the important thing that we need to practice over here. Let's kind of map or P.E. structure together. Now, I'll ask you guys to again, grab your scrap paper. I'll give you 30 seconds. You guys have a structure now. You're going to define what we want to do in this case. Please write down the sequence of the questions that you want to ask me very specifically. But just ask yourself a question. Do I want to add anything else to my structure in this case? So I'll give you a few seconds to think just to get the idea about what I want you to do in this case. Okay, guys. So I think you've kind of got the idea of it. When I get to this case, I'll tell myself I have a sequence. So I'm not going to general appearance. The examiner gets angry as you can see. Okay. As I can see on the vital signs. I'll already ask you about hemodynamic stability. But do I have any postural drop? You don't have any postural drop. That's fine. Let's get to our optimal examination on inspection. Is the abdomen moving symmetrically for inspiration? You added it? Yes, it is. Do I have any cool and sonic weight on the sign? No. Any distention? No. So on superficial and depolvation, I would like to check for tenderness. The examiner tells you you do have tenderness in the right lower quadrant. I will proceed to the key point. What is the key point of this case guys? Before we get the special test, I'll ask the free that rebound is your key point examiner. Is there any rigidity? No. God, I know rebound. Yes, there is rebound tenderness. The component that you need to make the diagnosis. I've been decided. Okay. Percussion. Do I have tenderness on percussion? Yes or no? On our scultation, all my bowel sounds present. Yes, they are present. I want to examine the inguinal area. The inguinal area is normal. I would like to do a rectal examination. At this point, I have a conclusion. Let's put everything together guys. You have a right lower quadrant abdominal pain that the lady has anorexia has a shift of famous appendicitis has a positive rebound tenderness that you know there is very tonight. This is where if you're clever, you tell yourself, okay, my key points of this case are special test of appendicitis before I go anywhere else. What are your special test of appendicitis? You can ask me anything you like. Maybe I'll ask one or two. I'm not a big fan of Mac Bernice point because you've already pulpated that spot, but I'll ask Rovesing sign either so as sign or obturator sign whichever one you like. So you ask your examine examined. I want to check the Rovesing sign. The examinertel is you've Rovesing is positive. I would like to check either the so as to obturator sign. So this is positive. Okay, that's enough. Two is enough. I wouldn't be too happy if you do three. That's enough. You did one special test, two special tests were done. Now the important question that I want to ask you at this point at this one, you're kind of very short. This is appendicitis. Does everyone agree? You got everything you need it. Will you still proceed to a pelvic examination? Good question. Yes or no? Do I still want to do a pelvic? Because I know it's appendicitis. You still do it because you're doing a logical complete approach to this pain. You know the recalusip appendicitis. You still don't know. So examine it with the concern of my patient and shaper on presence of a shaper on inspection. Do I have any rashes or redness? No lumps of swelling? No bleeding and discharge? No. I would like to put in a specular any bleeding of discharge from the cervix? No. Tell me on a biamanol examination. Serviachromotion tenderness negative. I would like to check the uterus size normal. Is the uterus tender? No. Do I have at an x-altenderness or mass? No. And I'll wrap up my physical examination with office test. Office test. I want to do a urine dipstick relevant, normal. If a free week LMP I wouldn't ask you PT if you still want to do it, do it. I wouldn't. You want to do blood sugar level? You can. Maybe I wouldn't do it at this point. Yeah. And that kind of wraps up my station. So all of you know that we kind of concluded that we are talking about appendicitis in this case. Now they will never ask you to explain this examination because this is not the place that I want to see if you know how a rousing is done. If I want to check it, we'll check it later on in the physical examination when I ask you to perform it. When you ask the specific sign, specific special test with their finding with the name, the examiner will tell you positive or negative. Now let's analyze this case completely and see what we've done together. This case was clearly going down the pathway of appendicitis. But now we want to kind of have a quick review of the topic together. As all of you know, one of the most characteristic features of appendicitis is that shift of the pain that starts around the umbilicus, usually a number of hours later on shifts down to the right lower quadrant. You have a famous Alvarado school that is nice to know because the reason it's nice to know kind of tells you the key points of history taking an examination. What are the symptoms that are critical in the case of appendicitis? So you can write this as key points and a rexia. Nausea and vomiting and the shift of the pain. Now imagine you have done this case but in the history taking you have an ass anorexia, you haven't asked the shift and you haven't asked nausea. You did the physical examination found rousing is positive. Will you pass the candidate? That the history taking didn't happen but the physical I will not pass you in this diagnostic formulation. When you go into physical examination, you need the tenderness that is obvious, but you need rebound tenderness. And you're looking for elevated temperature, but again, that's why temperature was important. We did ask it as vital signs. So all in all, especially with all those physical examinations, I'll just tell you a little bit about our Alvarado. Alvarado is not very formal in Australia, but anyway, if it's five or six, usually compatible with appendicitis, it's seven or eight points, probable. If it's nine or ten, very probable. I don't need to memorize the numbers, but just to know how we use the scoring. Once we got to our PFE, we did add our special test, all of your special tests are positive. So at this point, you're kind of sure that our diagnosis is app and decided. Now, once I finish my PFE, I'll move on to my diagnosis and move back to a general. So this is how I'm going to deliver it. Now, I have to explain my diagnosis and explaining my diagnosis has two critical component. I need a very stupid simple explanation, but the more important thing is I need the reasoning to show off the examiner that I've done a proper logical decision. I tell the patient like, look, Jenna, you're having a condition, you're having a condition called appendicitis or acute appendicitis really doesn't make much of a difference for me. I'll quickly drop the bomb quickly, technical term, you have to do the technical term for the examiner ticket of most likely, you're having a condition that will call appendicitis or acute appendicitis. Now, I need a simple short stupid explanation that doesn't go beyond 10 seconds. So the appendix appendix is a small finger shaped pouch is a small finger shaped pouch. sticking to your large bowel, stick into your large bowel and it is inflamed. You don't need to tell me more about why it happens, what is happening. So the appendix is a small finger like pouch that is sticking to your large bowel in the right lower side of your stomach and currently that pouch is inflamed. But the most important thing that you're doing this for the exam, the reasons that I've made this diagnosis, this is where you either have asked you points or you haven't, you have lost your appetite. So you told me appetite is not the best. You had nausea or vomiting. You told me that the pain has shifted. So initially started around your belly button, shifted down to the right lower quadrant and the next point on examination, the special test of appendicitis were positive. appendicitis were positive. These are my reason. I don't care how long this component takes this component has to happen properly. It'll take a good 40, 50 seconds. I don't care what you have explain it, reason it, we're done. Now let's go to the differentials. Now, we have worked on a list of differentials guys. So I'm sure all of you guys have a good long list of differentials. Let me define it one more time. We have a young female with right lower quadrant abdominal pain. Maybe I want to ask you a different question. Instead of giving me a long list of differentials just going on the list, let's just good differentials. So one, two, three. Yeah, tell me four good differentials. Good, very specific differentials that are very critical in this case. I'll wait for you guys. Yeah, good, three. Yeah, yeah, good. Perfect. So your modern welcome to change this good list of differentials. But if you ask me, I'll look at it like this. Tell me the best obstetric differentials. The best top obstetric differential. Everyone will agree. I have a great break. Tell me the best GY and differential. Kind of logical differential. Choose your best. I'll choose PID. The most serious rather than overriding torsion or variance system, all the other problems. Tell me the best GY differential after I've been decided. That you also asked in history taking. Anya. Now tell me your best KUB differential. I'll say you to you. You're retricol. It doesn't make much of a difference. So all of you have a good long list of differential in your mind. But before we get there, preferably we want to think about good differential. These are the first few things that come to my mind. So at this point, I'll tell Jenna that Jenna, I was thinking about other conditions. I was thinking about other conditions. One of the most important ones, good differential is a condition called ectopic pregnancy. Guys, the fact that I'm riding down an explanation is just to help you guys in any way, English is a second language just to get a little bit more familiar with short explanation. This is a pregnancy that forms in the tubes. I abnormally forms in the tubes. But it's not likely. It's not likely. One reason. You haven't missed your period. Yeah, or your pregnancy test. I checked it was negative. I was thinking about another condition called pelvic inflammatory disease. A very simple short explanation. This is an infection in the womb. And the tubes in the womb and the tubes. It's not so likely. Choose one reason. You don't have any vaginal discharge. You don't have any fever. I was thinking about it in guineau hernia. This is a second you're growing. Simple explanation. I don't think it's likely because you told me there's no swelling in your groin and I checked it on examination. Wasn't there. And I was also thinking about a eutia. You're an attract infection. All c-stitis if you want to call it. This is an infection in your bladder. But it's not so likely because again, you don't have any pain or burning when you pass here. So maybe before we go to our long list, I said a good list of differentials with mentioning what they are with reasoning what is the reason that I'm ruling them out at this point. I'll go into my list mode. But overall, the other unlikely might be nice to say this word. The other unlikely differentials are. I want to hear different groups. Tell me other unlikely GI differentials. I was thinking about bowel obstruction. I was thinking about a bowel cancer. Yeah. I was thinking about colitis. Whatever version of inflammatory colitis of IBD infectious colitis of gastroenteritis or even is chemicolytis. Yeah. So you can call it maybe inflammatory colitis might be a little bit nicer in young lady or if you want to call it IBD. I was thinking about other problems in your kidneys and your bladder like having a kidney stone possibly. Kidney stone that you're passing it down. Sometimes you might have your new retention. You do have a case in gynecology the lady has hair piece. Yeah. I've already told you about UTIs. If I want to tell you other OMG differentials of our own problems. So a variant system or variant of ocean. If you want to go down the list again, you're young, but maybe shingles. If you were older, you're young. Maybe other things like any traumatic injury to the organs in your abdomen. I don't know. Diabetic acid dose is any other differential that you want to add to this case. So what we've done is we've kind of cut it into two half. The first half that from now on maybe we'll practice on good differentials. You have to think about the context of the case and in each group ask yourself what is the best differential. Reason them explain them nicely at the end of the day you fall into a list. Someone will ask me the important question. What if I feel I'm running out of time? My pee if you didn't go too well, I can sense I'm going to run out of time in 15 seconds. Should I just go for a list yes? If you feel in terms of time management things are not going well, I will definitely go in a list mode. They live at the list and go back. Because I feel I'm running out of time. I was thinking about ectopic pregnancy, pelvic inflomerate, three disease, hernias, urinary tract infections, this and that. Oh, now I have time. Let me go back. So ectopic pregnancy is this not so likely because of this. You want to be a little bit clever. Tick off your boxes. At that point you relieve that I've dropped my differentials. Then I have extra time. Go back and explain them. Even if you run out of time at that point, I wouldn't care too much. So just to wrap up this case guys because AMC in the online exam mainly started expanding more on the cases. Just as a reminder, if you want to do an investigation for this appendicitis patient, what are the two key investigations you want to mention? I'm not seeing the first most important one. Yes, so if we just jump back to your old varr other school, one of the most important things as you know is local cytosis and shift to the left that happens in appendicitis. So I would expect before we get into imaging and get a little bit consumed by you, definitely want to do a full part examination looking for a local cytosis. You can still do a ESR and CRP. Still appendicitis. And then yes, we'll go down to imaging imaging as all of you know, preferably an ultrasound or a CT scan. If you have any doubts, we don't want to go into indication. And if we do it, yes or no, we're just kind of reviewing it in terms of management. Again, this one is easy. Admit the patient. We want to urgent surgery. Plus the rest of the things that you'll quickly tell me will start you on IV antibiotics. We want to give you fluids. We want to give you painkillers. This is a very summarized version of the appendicitis management. If we ever get there and they ask this from you. So essentially you're looking for the local cytosis with the famous shift to the left ultrasound that will sometimes show you a fake appendicitis. Sometimes betaacg if you have any doubts and obviously your treatment of appendicitis will be a immediate surgical removal.