a famous little bit old case, the indigestion case. Now the indigestion case specifically hasn't happened in 2025, but if you look at last year, previous years, it's a lovely case. It is a very challenging case, and it wasn't designed in the online exam. It's been a case of AMC four of the, it's one of those cases that even if it hasn't happened this year, I'm sure it will happen next year. I'll always pull it out of my pocket. It's very nicely designed. Before I go into the topic, this one needs a little bit discussion because it's a very vague complaint, what we're talking about is super vague, and you need to get idea about what we're doing. Let me just quickly show you this time, so you'll get idea about where we're going together. You have a 50 year old man or a lady, comes to you complaining of indigestion for six months. So two problems. You have a vague complaint, one that kind of have problems defining indigestion, what does that mean? Ooh, and it is chronic. Now this is a very complex case. This is one of your famous four task cases of the face to face exam. Take a picture for four minutes. We're going to give you a first prompt time. You'll have to manage your time for the next four minutes for the next three tasks. Ask a physical examination from exam, and then not only tell us diagnosis and differentials, but do also tell us investigations. So it'll be a little bit challenging to manage your time with beyond your first prompt time, but that's something you have to do. Usually just give you a general rule, guys. If you are in the face to face exam, you get any case that has more than three tasks. You tell yourself, that is not a case that I want to waste on by anything. I'll do essential things. Essential, nothing extra move on. I need to complete my task before I run out of time. Because if you do the best pee fee over here for three minutes and run out of time for investigation, unfortunately I cannot pass you. No chance at all. No matter how good you have been in the previous task. Okay, so we're talking about indigestion. If I want to give you indigestion, a better name, a name for you guys is dyspepsia. And so we are talking about a topic of dyspepsia. The problem that we face in this case is a patient who has heartburn, reflock, tells you how you have indigestion. The patient who has a little bit of upper abdominal discomfort of peptic ulcer disease, he has a pancreatic chronic pancreatitis, he has pancreatic pseudosis, will tell you I have indigestion. The guy who feels a little bit acidity burning, again, reflocks will tell you this. The guy who is bloated will tell you I have indigestion. And again, the guy who gets the standard extension and the stomach will also tell you I have indigestion. Now you can see indigestion is not clear at all. Whenever we do a case together that you have a presentation that is vague, all of you know, inexploring that complaint, there is a critical question. What is that? Before you go, you ask the patient, please describe what you mean by that. And that is good history taking skill. If I tell you I'm tired, I'm tired if I'm anemic, I'm tired if I'm just working too much, doing night shifts, I'm tired if I have hypertypes, I'm tired if I have sleep apnea. You have to ask me to describe it. So always remember, vague complaint, you always want to ask your patient, initially describe it. And it's interesting, Muta kind of has this statement in his book that it is worth while spending some time clarifying the exact nature of the presenting complaint. What the patient means by indigestion, because if you get a bit of understanding about it, obviously it will rearrange your list of differentials. And this is another pitfall that Muta brings up, that I'm sure you guys will cover in your exam. Maybe the most common mistake or pitfall is that you just take that discomfort as a GI problem, breath lock problem, and you don't even think about the possibility of a scumic heart disease, and totally missed that serious condition. You don't need to necessarily write this down. This is Muta's list of differentials will make our own in a second. Muta says indigestion has probable common differential, scars of facial reflux, top of your list, drugs and medications, that, most of them give you reflux or as a phagiotis or other problems. And if you have any esophageal or gastric motility disorder, gastroparesis, again, who gets gastroparesis, maybe the best person wanna talk about diabetic patient, who has autonomic neuropathy, has problems in emptying stomach. But your serious disorder is that you should not miss is your red flags, and that is cancers. When we get to such a case, you definitely wanna consider cancers of the stomach. Esophage is even the pancreas. A big mass over there starts pressing on your stomach, creates problems. Sevious is still a risk factor for you. Red flag for you. One of them, we can consider that pancreas is something, just as the heads up, we do have chronic versions of pancreas that people who have chronic versions of pancreas don't come to you with that typical vomiting, pain and stuff. It'll be a mild discomfort, bloating, fullness, weird feeling that they have and they have it longer. Peptic also diseases still something that you consider. Again, please do not forget myocardial infarction. You can consider fruit allergies. And at the end of the day, we're talking about an upper abdominal problem. You're still thinking about hepatobiliary problems because a patient who has a biliary colleagues still will give you a little bit of discomfort after eating and he takes that as in digestion. The key questions that I'm gonna list for you, describe the discomfort for me, describe the indigestion, what you meet. He clearly focuses a lot on triggers and risk factors. So tell me how do you go with food, milk, anti-acid, it's coffee, garlic, spice, if you would large fatty meals, the red flag, does it wake you up at night? Are you losing weight, red flag? And again, have you ever experienced shortness of breath chest pain, this is in a sinkhole? Just to help you think about cardiovascular conditions. Just to jump into motor and look at this initially together, our case is gonna end up being this, just spoiling it. But look at how motor talks about stomach gastric cancer. It tells you like if you have an upper GI symptom in a patient over 40, especially with red flags, your provisional diagnosis is a cancer until you prove it otherwise. If you have a recent onset in dyspepsia, suddenly, I don't know, we're in a mid-age person, old person, definitely thinking about cancers. And he always has this lovely boxes of, making a diagnostic formulation that if you're tired, loss of appetite, indigestion, weight loss, definitely stomach cancer. If you have the famous triple loss, you have loss of weight, loss of appetite, loss of color, and you're looking pale, you definitely wanna be thinking about cancers. Now, let's just jump into our case now. Just to give you a bit of background for this complaint, because I know it's always one of those ones that needs a little bit of refresher. This them has clearly told you that this problem is chronic. So we're gonna take this as a chronic problem. And let's jump into our history taking, see how we go. Okay. So you go in, I don't wanna do hematonic stable in this one, doesn't necessarily. I know someone will say, what about the list of differentials? You have MIACS there, yes and no. If you wanna do it, do it, I'm more on, no, don't do it, site. The other cases that we all agree, if we do a pop test, I'm sure more people will say no rather than saying yes. You're going to introduce yourself, start with open ended question. So I'm gonna help you today, Jimmy. Jimmy starts a statement for you that, yeah, look, I've been having this indigestion. It's been going on for six months now. It is gradually getting worse. And in some of the cases, they just dropped it over here that I used to use my laptop, it used to help, but it's not helping anymore. So some people get it in the opening statement, some people get it later on. Oh, okay. So you have a chronic indigestion that initially anti-axid was helping, but now it's not getting better, and you're also stating it is getting worse. Ooh, and I am concerned about this. I did want you to check this out for me. Okay, so let's make our beautiful statement together in your own words. I'll just repeat the concept. I'll put on repeat it. I'll put on multiple times. You wanna be acknowledging and empathic, and yeah, I do understand. Good thing, we do a great job coming to me. We're gonna have a chat about this. You wanna be reassuring? So I wanna reassure you that I'll ask all about this problem, we'll figure out what's going on together and we'll sort it out together. Is that okay with you, Bridget? Let's jump into our questions. Now, we wanna explore the weird complaint of indigestion. This is the first case that we're doing together, that we're not doing a pain exploring. So so far, you were easy life. Sikora, you know it, you get it done, we're done. Now, we come to one of these weird complaints that doesn't have a Sikora in it. I know some people tell you just to Sikora for everything, but it doesn't work well. In terms of indigestion, if you can, in any of the complaints, if you can define the boxes that you need to know about it, you always know what questions you wanna ask me. Let's have a brainstorm together. What boxes do you think are relevant to ask over here? What boxes of information about the indigestion? And my land ties are anti-asset, one of the ones that I showed you a second ago. Yeah. What are the things that you wanna know about my indigestion? Yep, so everyone is saying timing, definitely. I wanna know a bit on understanding about the timing, the time progression of this. Definitely want you to describe it. I don't know what I'm dealing with yet. Yeah. What else you wanna do? I'll do elevating and aggravating factors. Yeah, I wanna know, aggravating factors the same as triggers, elevating, obviously, make it a bit better. It is a six month problem, any chronic problem, no matter what it is, a last house affecting your life. Yeah. Now we'll just go step by step together, see where we end. Okay, let's talk going step by step. Question number one, can you describe what you mean? So Jimmy, can you describe what you mean by indigestion? I personally have a habit over here that I give examples to my patient because by this point, I want him to kind of guide me towards the answer that I have. So we do it in tiredness, we do it other places. So can you tell me what you mean by indigestion? Is it a heart variant that you're feeling or a discomfort or you're feeling bloated? If you tell me which one it is, maybe I'll have a better idea about where I wanna go if you're a problem. So in terms of saying you have indigestion, James, I just wanna understand better, what do you mean by that? Is it more of a bloating, discomfort, pain feeling or is it like a heart variant that you have? The patient to this one tells you, talk, it's a discomfort. Okay, good. So it is a discomfort, the discomfort is asked as a pain. So this discomfort will be kind of a pain. It's not exactly a pain, but I'll take it as a pain. The moment he tells you it's a discomfort, I open up a box for myself. Okay, my complaint quickly and a little bit changes into a pain. Once you change to a pain, we're gonna go to the same place. Can you tell me the sight of that discomfort? Where do you feel the discomfort? And it tells you how I feel it in the upper stomach. Okay, now getting close. I wanna know the intensity, like if you wanna kind of give it a scale of one to 10, 10 is the worst pain and discomfort that you've had how bad is this one. He'll tell you it's free for. Okay, good, not that bad. In terms of the quality, would you describe it as a sharp, dull, he tells you like it's more of a burning pain, doctor, burning discomfort. So it tells you it's not exactly a pain, it's more of a just a burning discomfort that I feel in that area. Okay, the onset question is the same timing that we wanna do. So timing, tell me how long have you had this for? I know it's in the stem, I'll ask it again, six months. And overall, is it the first time that you're having such a problem in your life or you've had the problem before that too? Just to get a better idea about it. In the last six months, would you say it's on and off? Or is it continuously, constantly there? Is it getting worse? Yes, I already told you it is getting worse. Hmm, is there any radiation? No, so does the discomfort radiate anywhere? No. To your back, to your shoulder. Nope. You know why we're asking those questions. And I get to dilivating and aggravating factors. So tell me, what makes it better? What makes it worse? First question, general question, an open question. Pushing tells you like, I haven't noticed anything. I'll ask the same questions. Have you noticed any relation to food, to eating, and position? And it tells you like, yes, it usually happens after eating. Anyway, it is in digestion, in digestion, you may digest in food, obviously. But yes, it usually happens to me after eating. Now, same two questions are pro-full further. So you have a discomfort after eating. Is there a specific food that kind of triggers this? If anyone tells me you're not asking lactose intolerance questions, here's your question. And not only lactose intolerance, any other specific food problem that you're having. And tell me, how soon after eating? How soon after eating, do you usually get this problem? Just to get an idea about where the problem is. It tells you like immediately after I eat, I feel the problem. And I have the burning sensation. And as you told me, this has been going on for six months. How would you say it's affecting your life? Yeah. How is it affecting your life? Not whatever the patient answers. Now, after this, let's quickly go into our structure now. So you've done a good job exploring in digestion that as much as it's in digestion, the reason that I wrote down these boxes, if AMC suddenly decides to change this case into a, I feel bloated case, you're not able to put a Cicorine. I'll just think about these four concepts that I want to rule out about if we go anywhere else. If you end up being at discomfort as the usual case, you just go into your Cicor remote. I'll start with general GI questions that are important for you. I cannot skip them, unfortunately. nausea, vomiting, bloating, passing, wind, constipation, diarrhea fever. Nothing new. Now, let's get to the differentials. This is where the problem starts, guys. You're a fast roll player by this point. Two and a half minutes of your time is up. And now you have 90 seconds left. So the situation in this case is a little bit different to what we had in the previous case. So you have to be very picky about what you choose to do. And just to confirm, guys, everyone see my screen? Yeah, cool. Just to kind of confirm, you have to choose the correct group of differential. So group number one, what will you put at the top of your list? Red facts. No passing in this case, especially, I've already spoiled it. It is a red flag case. Now, general cancer questions, question number one, have you lost weight? Yes, I have. Okay, that's enough to make a diagnosis, but tell me how much, how many kilos have you lost over what period of time? And just one last question. Just tell me that it's not intentional. Because if you're planning to lose weight by diet and exercise, obviously, I want to take that as significant weight loss. Changes in your appetite, lumps and bumps, tiredness, regular questions. I'll go more specific by this point. You know your specific questions. I'll go for you questions. Have you noticed any dark cells? Have you vomited blood? And have you noticed any difficulty in swallow? You get your second bomb over here? Yes. I also have dark cells. So do you honestly, I don't really need to think about anything else at this point. I'm, again, I was going on. Well, let's start a really list of differentials over here. The list of differentials that I'll have at this point is I have a burning pain related to eating, it's causing discomfort for the patient. With all of these, at the end of the day, if I want to just rule out two things, but I want to just rule out two things, but with the time that I have, it's peptic also and gastroesophageal reflux disease or quickly run through these cases. Maybe the most important question for me is, does that discomfort wake you up at night? Wake you up at night. Again, anyone has a better place for it? Out of mind. I'll ask a few risk factors. Tell me, are you using any medication, are you drinking alcohol? Maybe I'll be a little bit faster. Coffee, spicy food, just a few of them. Key ones. Yeah, I'll just take these off. And I'll ask a few gastroesophageal reflux disease questions. So the questions that I'll ask are the regular ones. Do you have any acidic beta-taste in your mouth? Acidic metallic beta-taste in your mouth? If you want to ask a second one, and it's sudden increase of saliva in your mouth, the reality is, most of you guys have ran out of time. I will continue riding down differentials guys, but I'm not riding it down for you guys to panic. Most of you guys have ran out of time. As long as the reflux has been covered, peptic ulcer, gastroesophageal reflux is done. That's enough for me. But let's say someone is very fast and wants to go into more differentials. What can we do? I'll go for a pancreatic suitorcist stating that AMC has an old weird case of pancreatic suitorcist. You're just looking at any traumas to adapt them. The main reason of having a suitorcist, I'll ask one or two questions for liver and gallbladder quickly. You all know the questions. Maybe one question for the liver. Have you noticed any yellowish discoloration of your skin? One question for the gallbladder, you know it, any previous episodes of pain. Episodes of pain after large meals. I have more time. Maybe I'll go forward and ask about lactose intolerance. Maybe. I've already asked it, but if you want to ask it against specifically any relation to food, but this kind of brings up our structure of usually at the end, you relieve down the CVS at the end. I didn't talk about it on purpose just to bring it up that 99% of you at this point understand that you have ran out of time. And most of our upper GI cases with the preoccupation that we have, that is the GI case. CVS is always a small question at the end. Now, write down CVS over here. Do a big flash for me. I'll put down CVS as the last differential that I want to rule out is chemical disease. And that is just one question. Tell me, do you have any chest pain or shortness, or I think that's all. Now, let's go forward together and just continue our discussion. So looking at this case, you'll have these findings. So if you want to go through the findings together, you have a discomfort and burning after food. So the patient discovered that's discomfort and a burning sensation after food. It is worse after eating. Marlanta helps. It used to help initially, but it doesn't help anymore. The patient smokes, the patient drinks alcohol, the patient has spicy food, the patient takes takeaway food, has stress, he's lost a few kilograms and he has dark souls. So you have red flags with an upper GI problem. And overall, you're mainly thinking about this will most likely be, most likely a peptic ulcer. And that is malignant or possibly as a facial cancer. Now, we've done all of this. Let's go to our next task of this case. And that is ask physical examination from examiner. I'll give the thing to you guys. Let's have a quick brainstorm together. So we're finally out of our acute abdominal cases. We want to just have a chat about physical examination from examiner. I'll give you 30 seconds. Just quickly brainstorm about this. Choose, these are the questions that I want you to answer. Choose a core examination. Choose your other relevant examinations, relevant systems that you want to examine. And think about the peripheral signs that might be critical for you in this case, especially with the fact that by now, you found a lot of red flags. So I'll give you 30 seconds. Try to jot it down for yourself on a paper, just to kind of find it, because we're doing a new class together. We'll have to get this done together. So let's give it a start together, guys. Step number one and two, as always, doesn't change general appearance and vital signs. Now, in the context of this case, if you want to tell me general appearance, key things, so I don't want you to ask me 15 things over here. Tell me two to three very important things that are very relevant to this case. The triple loss of motor, pallor, you know, this patient has dark stools. I would also agree with KXC, I'd love the differential, but thinking about cancers. I will put down lymphed an opathy over here for the first time, and lymph node examination, although lymph node is not a general appearance examination, but we usually put it here. If you want to put it at the end, you can't tell you why. When we got the case in the online exam, they gave us a physical examination on a card that gave you a positive, large, left, superclavical lymph node. Although you know the significance of that, we show note that it's suggestive of GI malignancies, and it has happened again in your face-to-face exams, to when you ask lymph nodes, yes, there is a left, superclavicular lymph node. Okay, good. Vital signs as usual, so tell me the blood pressure, tell me pulse rate, tell me respiratory temperature. The regular four that I like to ask, and I want to do saturation, I'll replace it with temperature. I wouldn't ask more than four ways, though. I will start with my core examination, that hopefully all of you have chosen abdominal examination to be a core examination. Now, as it is your core examination, it means you have to do it completely, when I'm skipping anything here. So you're doing the same inspection. That we did previously, is the abdomen moving symmetrically with respiration. Do I have symmetrical movements? I'm not going to ask the coolant sign and gray-turner sign in this case, because we're out of our acute abdomen cases now. Maybe I'll ask this tension. If anyone wants to ask anything else, I don't know, scars or whatever, doesn't make much of a difference for me. Now, I want to do a superficial and deep palpation, doing superficial and deep palpation for two purposes, tenderness and masses. But doing them for the purpose of, do I have any tenderness on palpation? Do I have any masses? I will still go to percussion. Do I have any tenderness on percussion? I will still do my ocultation, as usual. I will still do my growing as a structure. If anyone wants to skip it, no need for argument, skip it. And I'll get to my rectal examination. The usual rectal examination tells you, yes, you have the oxthus. So if anyone would have wanted to ask me, should I do rectal examination? You do a complete act, you do an abdominal examination for me. Other things that are relevant for me are, I'll do a quick, serious examination. We talked about the relevance. So quickly, that's one and that's two. Do I have any murmurs? That's all I want to know. Nothing more. You can do a respiratory, maybe I'll skip it in this case, just to save my little bit of time. If anyone prefers to do lymph nodes over here, examine I want to do a lymph node examination. I don't care if you do it in general, appear, and so you do it separately. You do your lymph node examination. Now, in the exam, usually you've been given these findings. There is powder, there is dark stools, that you also found on your history taking, and there is that famous left supra-cavicular lymph node. Which kind of takes you to your diagnostic formulation? What is your top provisional diagnosis for this case, guys? A little bit obvious. What do you want to call it, if I want to ask you? Exactly. Good. So with this case, we're also finishing it off with the conclusion of this can most likely be a gastrocancer. So let's go through the diagnosis. What they usually write down in their feet, and marks sheets for the examiners are, they need to be sensitive on the discussion. They need to inform the patient clearly about the diagnosis. We felt necessarily alarming the patient, because there is no guarantee that this guy has cancer. It can be a peptic also that is bleeding, and no cancer in it at all. So understanding the free components of your discussion, that it is a sensitive discussion. So I'm going to keep it very clear, so you have to tell me there is a possibility of a cancer very clearly at the top of your list. At the same time, you don't want to be very alarmed. You have cancer. So again, you can play up with my wording, make it your own, whatever is nice and time efficient. That looked to me. I did consider different causes, different causes for your problem. So I did kind of consider different causes that can give you indigestion to the gym. In your case, I am concerned about the possibility, as always, as usual, the possibility of a gastric cancer. That is a cancer in your stomach. And if anyone wants to add this, that it's not confirmed yet, and that's why you have a task of investigation for this. But the reasons that I've made this diagnosis, we're not skipping reasons, the reasons that I've made this diagnosis is, number one, you've had an indigestion for a long time, for six months, that is getting worse, and not responding to my Atlanta. You are losing weight. That makes me very concerned about the possibility of a cancer. And you also have dog stools, which means you are bleeding in your stomach. I don't want to go into the discussion of proximal triage. But most likely, something is bleeding in your stomach, that I think it's a peptic ulcer. Now, someone asked me, like, so what about the fact that this patient also has features of peptic ulcer? Because, like, look, if we go back over here, looking at his history, taking his taking all of this, he has the pain, it is still a peptic ulcer. You are correct, this is our gastric cancer on the peptic ulcer. So, this patient most likely has had a peptic ulcer for a wall, and that's why my Atlanta was initially helping it. Now, on that peptic ulcer, you do have a cancer, which is why my second differential is peptic ulcer disease. I will not pass you if you tell me you have a peptic ulcer disease. And second third differential is a cancer, because at that point, you tell me you have an apeptic ulcer disease, not always cancerous. So, I was thinking about apeptic ulcer disease, we were thinking about gastroesophage over a flux disease together. I had pancreatitis, chronic versions of pancreatitis, pancreatic pseudocyst in my mind. So, this is the group of differentials in the pancreas that I want to add over here. I had liver and gall bladder problems in my mind. So, for example, biliricolic was in my mind. biliricolic was in my mind. Coming down to other conditions, lactose intolerance was on my mind. I was thinking about medication induced, either asophagitis or, for example, gastritis that was on my mind. I had ischemic heart disease as an important differential. If anyone wants to put your diagnosis of exclusion at the bottom, irritable bowel syndrome is still a good differential. You can make this list of differential longer. Celliac disease, IBD, this, that, whatever. So, there's a very long list that you can make for this. But again, run for your list. Maybe in this case, I won't reason it. I can't so I won't tell me why I don't want to reason my differentials. I don't want to run out of time. Yeah. So, there were other things that I was thinking about, you know, this, this, this, this, and that, which takes me to the investigation now. For the investigation, we're going to play a game together. Open your mouth. Tell me one investigation and close it. I'll decide if I pass a failure. What is that? First, before anything else. Exactly. So, the first thing that I need to hear before anything, before you start telling me full-blot count, Iver study, Europe, Refters, FOBT, this, that, no. I just need a endoscopy. I need a endoscopy. We will be proceeding to a endoscopy. We're going to pass a small tube, pass a small tube, with a camera, with a camera, through the food pipe, through the food pipe, down to your stomach, down to your stomach. So, we're going to do a endoscopy in this test. We usually pass a small tube with a camera down your food pipe down into your stomach. Now, if we see any ulcers or lesions, we are going to take some samples and biopsies. We're going to take some samples I recorded, biopsies just to check them on the microscope and see what we're dealing with. Now, at this point, yes. I still want to do a full-blot examination and Iver study. I will knock on any further. I will not add anything else. Just to answer your questions, should I do a F-O-B-T for this patient? No. There is no reason to do that, because I'm not screening anything in this patient. Should I do a u-row breath test in this patient? You can mention it anyway. My understanding is when you do an endoscopy, they already grab samples for their H-pilot retesting. You want to mention it. Nice, but not necessary. The problem that I have with you guys, if I personally am your examiner, this is not number one. Don't even talk to me. I wouldn't listen to the rest. If you do not understand that endoscopies at the top of your list, don't even talk to me. Now, I would agree that if anyone says I want to also do a colonoscopy, yes and no. But again, if you want to tell me one thing, it is a endoscopy. We need to first and foremost, most important investigation for us for certain reasons. We'll be endoscopy. We'll do that. If we see anything, we'll do a biopsy. Again, I'll look for anemia. You've been bleeding. We'll make sure that that is not a problem. We will consider checking for a buck. Either we do a breath test or we'll do it while we're doing the endoscopy. Cancos also. Cancos cancels. This is the end of your famous case of your indigestion. That again, that hasn't happened this year, but to be honest, it's one of those cases that I'd love to see moving into the future. Now, let's do it. We'll be doing the endoscopy.