Good, so first of all, welcome to our first medicine master class for 2026 exams. Usually, the first workshop is always a little bit of fun and depressing at the same time because we have to kind of set our structure for ourselves on the standing and kind of come to a agreement together how to be prepared for the exam. I see a lot of familiar cases. Most of you know me. For those of you who don't know me, my name is Amir. I'm a GP in Melbourne. I'm a pure 100% IMG. I've done this myself. I've went the wrong way. I've realized what I have to do to kind of do it properly and pass the exam. So today we're going to go a little bit slow. It's our first class. You want to get a good understanding about our structure. Now, throughout our discussions today on all the cases, the structure, I use a few references just to show you what I'm going to use. Usually, I like to refer to more to a lot. It's a lovely source of information. We're going to look at the useful pieces together for our management. The only person talking in the room is therapeutic guidelines, Australian therapeutic guidelines. There are occasional points that Australian guidelines ignore talking about a certain topic and we might look at up to date just to get a few pieces of information together. Now I know all of you guys have started your preparation and you hear this word a lot recalls and everyone is excited at the moment you hear the word recalls. Yay, we want to go find recalls and we're on a past exam with recalls. The only problem that we need to understand today guys, recalls will not pass you because all of you guys have recalls and everyone has recalls but you are dealing with a exam that has a 25% passing rate. Today, I'll be looking a lot at this tips from examiner document because it's going to give us a good idea about how AMC and the examiner's look at things. This is the only recent document that we have from AMC site that they told us to do this and avoid these things in the exam. The first thing that that document told you that please avoid premature closure. So I'm not sure if you've seen the cognitive biases video. We train our examiners that you should not pass the candidate who prematurely closes the case. Who is that person? The person who already knows the answer without obtaining sufficient data and information, which means you know the recall. I can clearly see you know the recall because you didn't ask the questions to come to that conclusion and we're not going to pass you. So at our first session, on our first discussion, we need to make agreement together. Either be the blue candidate or the red candidate. The red candidate is the person who wants to go, starts reading recalls, going to telegram groups, cry about what is the diagnosis of the case of abdominal pain that came out on 15th of March 25th. And then you know the recall, you know the diagnosis, you think you know something, you just go in the exam and let me do a few things about that diagnosis that I already know when I pass the exam to the problem is you don't. Instead of that today, we want to kind of work on a big cluster of cases. Abdominal pain cases are a big cluster. We're going to do more than I think 15 different recalls, different cases that have their own key points. Instead of memorizing a recall today, I want you to understand what is the approach to abdominal pain and what do you need to pass it. And we will come down to the diagnosis. So my promise is I'm going to cover all the recalls. All the recalls from 2018, new old, 2025 different versions, different findings, we're going to cover all of them. But before we do that, we need to build a structure together. If you look at this document, I tell you, please, we want you to do this. We want you to follow a relevant, organized approach that demonstrates your clinical reasoning. We don't want you to premature close the case. And it's never about diagnosis. You think it's a diagnosis? We are clearly looking at your clinical reasoning. And I'll say the keyword for me is we want a very relevant and organized approach to a case. So hopefully by the end of this class, you'll come to the conclusion that instead of memorizing cases, we want to kind of build the approach. The same document brings up another thing that tells you, please avoid taking a scatter gun approach or just a random approach in line of your questioning. So the person who memorizes recalls, he already knows the diagnosis. He just decides, like, yeah, I'll just ask a random list of questions. And many of you came back and told me, what does AMC mean by a scatter gun approach? This is a scatter gun approach. Will you call this shooter a good shooter? He's hit the target. He's hit exactly close to the middle. But is this a good shooter? He's not a good shooter because he's got a scatter gun approach. He's scattered all over the target in the hope of eating something. Yeah. And we are not going to pass this person. You want to have a scatter gun approach? All of you guys or doctors, all of you guys can sit in the chair and ask me a random list of questions that are not relevant. Some of them are keep on some of them are relevant. Many of them aren't. We can clearly see that it doesn't have a clinical reasoning background. We're not going to pass you. And again, they use this word over and over again. If you don't demonstrate your clinical reasoning, we are going to have a serious problem together. So just want to help you understand that why do I need an approach rather than just going in the exam, sitting there, and I know the answer. Let me just shoot what I can. Now, the way that I do it, and I think this is the best way of doing this exam, the only way that will pass you in all skis, if you want to do it properly, you need to build the approach. But the word approach is a very general complex word. It's a combination of different things. If I want to tell you there's a triangle in this approach, this is your key triangle that you have to understand. The first category is differentials. As IMGs, we suck at differentials. We are so bad at differentials. And I'll talk about the second problem that you have in differentials when we get into the scoring system. The second thing is you need that structure. The structure is the same. Organize, sequence, clinical reasoning that you have to the complaint of the case, not to the recall. I don't care what the diagnosis is. The complaint came to me 24-year-old lady with abdominal pain. I need to approach abdominal pain as a presentation properly in a logical sequence and show my clinical reasoning. And at the end of the day, once we build a structure, we'll go into each and every case. You will see each and every case has a key point. Each and every case will have its own key point. And that's where it gets a little bit funny, because case number one has its own key points, case number three has different key points. And that's how you need to be a little bit clever. So let's log our journey together. Today is our first case together in medicine. We have a lot of causes that we want to cover together. We have a lot of recalls and cases we want to do together, but we want to do it as a logical journey together. First step, we'll work on differentials together. Second step, we'll talk about structure. We'll take our structuring to different cases. We'll redefine our key points, get a bit of understanding about them, and at the end of the day, you know the recalls that we've covered all the cases. But this is the logical sequence that we're going to go together. So let's log our approach to abdominal pain and have a chat about what are approaches. The first step of your approach is going to be your history taking aims. You put this document out that they started explaining each task in history taking. This domain is assessing if you can identify key symptoms. I'll call this key points, key symptoms that are relevant to that case. You need to identify relevant clinical and contextual information, relevant, positive and negative findings. Whenever I read these documents, it's always interesting for me. They're only telling positive findings. They're telling you also negative findings for you to make a diagnosis because you always need some negative findings to conclude what your diagnosis is. We want to start on this case, and this is just a blank basic case that we want to kind of build the approach on. Okay. And for those of you who want new, if you grab a pen and paper and write down with me, you wouldn't have to see this video again. Keep those notes as the best set of notes that you'll have for your revision face. Your next patient is a 50-year-old man. He is presented to you complaining of abdominal pain. If you don't have any duration, you don't have anything else. We want to prepare for this case as our basic blank case of abdominal pain. Now, also working on a pyramid. I'm not going to end up on the top of the pyramid for step one because that is your recall. We're going to start from the base, build the base and move up. When you're just going to talk about differentials, that is the first understanding that you need. On top of our differentials, we're going to build a good history taking. We're going to talk about our physical examination test. That is a test for the face-to-face exam and get to the diagnosis. But before I do this for you, this is the first structure that I'm making. Now, every year I change my structure because I make a structure. I make it logical. We try it out. We realize that time management is a problem. We realize it didn't work in this case. And then I redefine the structures to make them better in terms of covering key points and covering cases. When I personally want to make structures, I face some challenges. I'll tell you the challenges just to understand what I'm doing. If I want to make a structure for abdominal pain, there's a big problem over here because obviously my structure for right upper is going to be a little bit different to the right lower. On the right upper, I have to leave air, all those problems in the liver, gallbladder, colondritis. On the bottom, I'll be something about pelvic disorders and ladies. The second challenge that I face is abdominal pain is one of the most complex presentations to make a structure for because it's one cavity. But in that cavity, I have a GI system. I have the KUB system. You're kidney sitting on the top, you're bladder sitting on the bottom. I have the liver and the gallbladder system. I have the pelvic organs in a lady. And essentially, this is my problem because an abdominal pain case can be a topic pregnancy of your obstetric cases can be a KUB case of pylon, a fridus can be a colonditis case of the liver. And now this is the problem that we want to build a structure. Third problem. Okay. Do I want to make one structure for acute cases? Do I want to make a structure for chronic cases? I usually try to avoid this. The reason that I avoid this is if I give you one structure for acute, one structure for chronic, one structure for the young, by the time you want to walk into the exam, when we've done all five chapters of medicine, you have 300 structures. And it becomes a little bit challenging for yourself, which one you want to choose. The problem that this idea, this concept kind of crumbles is it doesn't work. When you think about IBD, okay, inflammatory bowel disease as a case, should I put it in my acute structure or chronic structure? Most of you will say it's a chronic abdominal pain, but what if it's a flare-up? When you say about diverticalitis versus diverticalosis, so diverticalitis and diverticalosis, it's a chronic pain, recurring pain for the patient, but today it's acute pain that started two days ago. So do I want to use the acute structure or the chronic structure? Now let's make it worse. What about a bowel cancer that causes obstructions or bowel cancer? Obviously, it was causing chronic problems, but today he's come with a acute problem. So you will see the idea of acute and chronic quickly crumbles. I would like to make a structure, the purpose of a structure, just to understand it, I'll apply it to all of my cases. So once we build a structure today for the next 15 to 20 cases that we do, I'm going to tell you structure, structure, structure, same thing we're doing over and over again. In each case, we're going to do some minor changes. The minor changes will depend on the fact of where the pain is. The minor change will depend sometimes on the age. Sometimes the case tells you the duration of the pain is going to change the way that you look at the case. So what is a structure? As our first structure that we build together, our structure is to help you have a framework that you can apply to all cases. But you do understand, in some cases, it will require some minimal changes to kind of apply the context of the case. Your structure needs to be comprehensive. By saying comprehensive, it needs to be able to cover a major component of all your cases. It needs to be time efficient. So if I give you a structure that you take to 15 minutes, ask that he's taking his no work on a work in AMSA clinical, that you have four to six minutes for his retaking, you need to be super specific, you need to be super clever in the way that you design it. So let's all step number one together and we want to work on the foundation of our pyramid differentials. Now we'll go back to the same case. 50-year-old guy comes to you with abdominal pain. You don't know the site, you don't know the duration. Let's jump on the chat box, guys. I'll give you 30 seconds. Please start telling me what are the differentials that come to your mind. 50-year-old man, abdominal pain, who's come to you to your clinic, he's opened his mouth as an opening statement. I have pain in my stomach. What are your differentials? I'm going to tell you the things that you're putting. So bowel cancer, pancreatitis, colondritis, diverticalitis, cancer again, dyspepsia, peptychosis disease. Yep, good. IVS, perfect. Yep, appendicitis, IBD, Bili-richolic, good, good. Now I'll tell you the problem that I'm noticing in your list of differentials. In the list of differentials that you guys are putting in the chat box, a major part of them, almost all of them are only GI differentials. Is it possible that this guy has a bowel and a arthritis or your near retention? Is it possible that this guy has a inguinal hernia? Is it possible that he has any other problem in the abdomen? So the way that we want to build our differentials, first point that we want to do together today is if you walk into the exam and at the end of the case tell me 15 differentials that all of them belong to the GI case, I'm not going to give you a high score in differentials because you grouped all your differentials. And we want to avoid grouping. So when I ask you differentials before you start telling me this, this and that, I want to hear the systems, especially in a complex case of acute abdomen. Now what we're going to do before I write down the list of differentials for the exam, we want to talk about Muta. Muta is very good at differentials. Obviously, an Australian trained doctors are trained in this way if you work with them in your eaters and your hospitals, you know they do this. Muta has a prompt model that he calls it a safe diagnostic model that whenever he gets a presentation he thinks about probable differentials, the common ones, he thinks about the red flags, the ones that are often missed and he has his masquerades that we don't want to talk about today. So essentially the free that going to help us in the exam and you see this in all of his differentials tables is the probability differentials that are probable differentials, the serious disorders that you should not miss and the pitfalls that are often missed. Now you don't need to write down the next few slides, listen to me at the end, we're going to make our own list, we're going to make it a little bit better. So initially it looks at it like this, he gives you a table, tells you like when you have a patient with abdominal pain, you can consider different pathophysiologies happening. For example, it can be inflammation, inflammation in the bowel, colitis, appendicitis, colitis, hepatitis over the fallopian tubes. It can be a parapheration of what of organ you have in your stomach. It can be an obstruction of the bowel, urethra, mesentric artery giving you mesentric chemia, it can be a hemorrhage from an ovarian cyst, from the spleen liver, that can be traumatic, it can be a torsion of either the colon, ovaries or the testes. Then he starts talking about it like this, okay, acute abdomen, probable differential. In general practice many of my patients will have gastroenteritis, many of them will have appendicitis, mitushmers. So this is your famous mid-cycle pain, ovulation pain in ladies, you have irritable bowel syndrome, gastrodiginus of exclusion and then you have renal colics or biliric colics as probable differential. This is the important part. I'll call these less likely differentials. So all of your differentials that you're going to see in this list are less likely, but he calls it that these are serious disorders, I don't care how less likely or unlikely they are, you should not miss them. In the card you have a cardiovascular group, if you have a patient with a gastric pain, no one will be happy if you miss that case of his chemicalitis and acute coronary syndrome. No one will be happy if you miss a case of bowel cancer and tell me that the guy came with, to me, with acute abdomen, I didn't think he might have a cancer cause an obstruction. I'm severe infections like colinjitis, I'll be glad it's normal, we'll be happy if you miss the very tricky case of a topic pregnancy. And he even goes one step forward, what are your pitfalls? You know, upper abdominal pain if you have pulmonary causes, our abdominal pain, a lower abdominal pneumonia, fecal impaction, a good differential, and the herb is lost, the shingles, our patient comes to you very severely, stabbing sharp pain, nothing is wrong in the abdomen, the rash hasn't popped out yet, and you're scratching your head, what is this severe pain laid on? Two days later you see your typical vesicular rash in dermatome, away. Then he talks about chronic recurrent abdominal pain, so IBS, diuretical disease, so this is just the other name of diureticalosis and diureticalitis, middle, schmere, spectroglyphal. So again, brings up the cardiovascular, serious disorders, cancers, severe infections, and then it goes to the pitfalls of chronic abdominal pain, bringing up poor dialysis, I'll call salioca as a full dialysis, if you want to call it, lactase deficiency, if you're lactose intolerant, inflammatory bowel disease, and in a lady, again, endometriosis, will give you abdominal pain, and you want to keep that on your list. Now from this point, let's start writing this down together. As much as mortals, lists of differentials are always lovely, it's just good to give you a basic idea about what we want to do in our differentials, but we need to kind of design something that works in AIMS, the clinical for us, and obviously works in your all-skate exam. First thing I want to do, I want to kind of divide it in different groups. Now in terms of the way that I divide it, when I say abdominal pain, obviously your first group of differential has to be GI differential, I don't care what case you have. Obviously the main thing inside there is your GI components. KUB will also happen up and above the stomach below the stomach, because you have your kidneys above, you have your bladder and your retras below, so it can't happen all over the stomach. But from this point, I'll say if I have a case of lower abdominal pain, I'm going to consider the genital and the pelvic problems. I don't care what you call the group, because obviously in ladies' pelvic organ is not pelvic organs. But I'm going to consider genital and pelvic organs. If I have an upper abdominal pain, I'm going to consider the few extra things that I have in the upper side, especially the liver and the gallbladder. And at the end of the day, we want to make a list of all other causes. So let's stop populating our list together. So just a heads up guys, yes, you can add more to this list, but I've just made a list that I want to kind of finalize this for my exam. On the GI case, the first thing that I'll put on my listed bowel cancer, the reason that bowel cancer will sit at the top of your list, this is your red flag. I don't care how acute your case is, your red flag. It's the questions that needs to be asked. So I'll ask the questions about cancer. Inflammatory bowel disease is a lovely one. Acute gastroenteritis is a lovely one. IBS is a good diagnosis of exclusion. I'll put the pancreas in the GI group, pancreatitis. Now we'll get to the KUB group of the frontials, a urinary tract infection that can be upper ure than the tract or lower. So lower urinary tract infection is in your bladder, cystitis, upper ears, polynephritis. Now a renal or uretic olic, we're going to do the case that you get in your exam later on any cancer and the bladder cancer and the kidney will give you abdominal pain and urinary retention. So you can see KUB clearly can't happen on the upper abdomen or the lower abdomen. When I get a case of lower abdominal pain, the most important thing that I want to think about is genital and pelvic end. There's a reason that all of these cases are latest because you have to be thinking about your obstetric conditions. For example, a ketopic pregnancy, the best example. And then you have to think about your gynecological conditions. Pelvic inflammatory disease, ovariancy, metushmers, ovarian tushin, autesthetic lettushin, and the very important differential that I MC loves, the pediatric cases on it, or any of these. But when I get a case of upper abdominal pain, I'm going to apply the context of the case. Obviously, there's a big list of liver and gallbladder differentials for any right upper quadrant abdominal pain or gastric pain. So hepatitis, colonjides, colitis, cystitis, hepatocelular cancers. And you have gastroesofacial refluxes and pepticol, so that obviously only happened on the top. And the other two systems that I still want to keep in my list, you see, motorblock brought them up in the upper abdominal pains. That is when you want to consider your acute coronary syndrome. That gives you a big gastric pain, and you want to consider a low-lobe pneumonia. So low-lobe pneumonia. And what if you want to call it M-I, acute coronary syndrome, is chemic heart disease, what of it the name is? Now at the end of our list, I'm sure someone will pop in the chat box and say, there's other differentials to, yes, there are other differentials. So if I want to make this list longer, I can write down four pages of differentials for you. The only thing is you're going to find it a little bit hard to use in your exam. But if I want to think about other causes that are common in osc. exams, all of you know decay is always very common. You get that case in a pediatric case, not in medicine. The young teenager suddenly comes with abdominal pain. He's fine vomiting. You find his blood sugar level is 22. He has ketones in the urine dipsy. I've already talked about shingles. We love shingles. We don't use shingles too much in AMC clinical. You do have the chest pain with shingles. You never know when they will come out in your abdominal pain. And we do have old versions of a mesentric ischemia case that we'll talk about. Mesentric ischemia is important differential. As all of you know, it is a serious condition that you want to keep on your list, especially in an old patient. So what I want you to do is when I tell you what are the differentials of abdominal pain, I want you to first tell me these are my groups. And again, we're doing a blank case. You still don't know if it's upper or lower. So GI differentials all over the stomach, K with differentials all over the stomach, lower abdominal pain. I'll think about this upper abdominal pain. I'll think about these. And there are some other causes that most of them are diffused anyway. What diffused are localized, again, depending on my case. Now what we've done together is we have a good list of differential. So everyone, happy with our list of differentials? Show me your thumbs up. Yep. We have a list of differentials that want to work on together. And Ferial is asking what serious and respiratory classified on the not to be missed. But I'll only ask it in our abdominal pain, Ferial. So for example, in the right lower quadrant, I will not ask this because you know the chest pain of a scumic heart disease does not go beyond below the umbilicus. Yeah, low, low, no one yet doesn't come that low. So that's an again, if I come to you with epiastric pain, I wouldn't be too happy if you rule out ectopic pregnancy in me. Yeah. So I want to cut off a line over here, obviously applying the context of our case. Now we have done step one together. We'll build a good list of differentials. Everyone is confident you have different groups. You know what you're doing. Let's start baking our history taken structure. Now in terms of history taken structure, we're going to go slow together just to get the concept of why we're doing all of these things together. In terms of history taking, you will have four or six minutes in the exam. So most of your cases, I'll say 99.9% of your cases are going to be either four minute history taking, so six minute history taking. And you know the differences, the four minute one, if you've seen the strategic videos, it's a predominant, a suspended area of diagnostic formulation, the six minute one is a history taking. We're not going to make two structures one for the four minute one for the six minutes. We're going to make one structure that works on both. The way that our structure works is we prioritize the items, the ones that are more important will happen a little bit earlier. In this history taking, you're going to attempt to ask me around 30 questions. Yeah. It's easy to think about 30 questions over here, but when you're standing behind that monitor and that significance, stress of the exam is a little bit hard to recollect the 30 questions that you want to ask. Okay, I want to ask this first second, third, fourth, fifth, up to 30. What I want you to do, put it in big boxes for me. So let's put it into big boxes, kind of sequence or structure. My history taking structure will have a step number one. We want to have a good intro. We want to have a good initiation into the case. I always remind you, this part is very critical because of a few reasons. The factor on your side that kind of affects this is the stress. If I kind of give you a diagram of your stress throughout the eight minutes in a station, your stress is the highest level at the beginning of the session. When you open the door, new exam, a new role play, you don't know what you're doing, you're starting your case. That is the moment that everyone is panicking and you can, you can't even talk out your own name. The second thing is as an examiner, although I shouldn't say this, I usually have made up my mind if I want to pass you or not in the first two minutes. I don't really need to hear the rest of the structure of your history taking. You open your mouth, I've already made my decision. This one knows what she's doing. I'm going to pass her. This one doesn't. I'm not going to pass. Anyway, I'm not going to concentrate too much on him, especially if I'm tired. The second component, as always, we're going to explore our complaint. So before we go any further, you have one objective to explore the complaint. Our complaint today is abdum no pain. So if I want to emphasize on something, you start exploring your complaint, you end exploring your complaint because once you end it, you need to be able to narrow down your differentials. This is the purpose I need to know more about your pain, about the duration, location, the characteristics, and blah, blah, just to get a idea about what I'm dealing with, the narrow down my differentials. And we get to the most critical component of your history taking. That is this guy. You need to start ruling out differentials. Now, what are the problems over here? Number one, someone told you that you'll pass a MCC clinical with three differentials. Good luck. At this point, you only know three things that you want to rule out. It's not going to help you. Second thing is you get lost in those differentials. When I say a sequence structure, when I say organized, essentially, this is the part that everything makes sense. The intro is going to be the same in all cases. The abdum no pain assessment is the same in all cases. This is the component that becomes important and critical for me to stay organized instead of just shooting at questions as a scattergun. And at the end, we're going to talk about a component. I call it a good closure. We call it a good closure and a good history taking. The name is on it. You want to close and your history nicely. The only purpose of a good closure is closing your history taking nicely. Doesn't have any worth. I ran out of time for this. No one cares. Even if you don't do it, don't do it. I don't talk about it too much, but I will still still tell you that no money can everything because you want to hear it somewhere else and it always feels a little bit cool. In terms of the question of how many differentials I need to pass a case. I usually make a joke, Reha, or not, although the joke is not nice. It depends on how many times you want to do the exam. So you can always do three differentials. The first exam you can do four in the second one. You'll do five. You'll do seven. You'll realize there is no limit. You have to rule out as many differentials as you can. That is the purpose of doing a proper approach to abdominal pain. Now let's do a quick guideline review. Mortar review before we go into our discussion. Now, Mortar tells you like in an abdominal pain case, you have one objective, very important. You have to analyze the pain completely. When we say analyze it completely, it has to happen properly and completely. I need the quality, the quantity, I need the side, I need radiation. I need the onset, duration, offset of the pain. I need alleviating, like rating factors. Mortar tells you you need to pay special attention to maturation. It is important for you because you have KUB differential bowel function, maturation. So you have pelvic problems and ladies definitely want to be thinking about that. Drug and medication take is important for you and the rexia is important. Obviously vomiting is important for you. Then he brings up this box. I will emphasize a lot. If anyone asks me a very general question, what are key points of history taking? I always tell you red flags. They are red flags. They are red because they are the key points of any case. They don't depend on what your recall is. It's abdominal pain. The red flags of abdominal pain are the same. Mortar makes this list. Lightheadedness. If any patient comes to me with a acute abdomen, lightheaded, feeling dizzy, about the faint, about thinking about something serious. If a lady comes to me, lower abdominal pain, menstrual irregularities, I start thinking about, or when she calls us. This is the one that you will see everywhere. Malignant is always. I don't care if it's acute or chronic. You have one job to ask me. Those cancer questions. The interesting point of not passing gas. You have obstipation. Something is blocked somewhere. At the end of the day, if you have a case that you still want to think about, it's a chemical heart disease. Now, let's start making our history taking structure together and we will go step by step. Just before I go into writing, guys, I will make a few rules. I want you to write down the rules. Again, we're doing our first case together. All your rules come from the tips from the exit, tips from examiner. They tell you rule number one. Please avoid using double-barreled questions. What is a double-barreled question? So do you have any loss of appetite, any fever? Do you have any diarrhea? Do you have any vomiting? What is the problem with these questions? The first problem is, our roleplay cannot say no to the first one, yes to the second one. If you say no to the both, then you come out crying. Why did that roleplay give, rugged? The vomiting didn't told me no, I don't have vomiting because you didn't ask the question properly. But just think for a second, guys, why will someone attempt to do a double or it'll be interesting when we roleplay together, triple-barreled question? Because you're panicking about time management. I mean, there's a lot of questions I think I'll run out of time. I want to triple-barreled my question. So do you have any nauseous vomiting and constipation? The same person answers history taken two minutes early and doesn't know what to do. So AMC also tells you, please avoid using double-barreled question seeking a yes-no answer because when you ask the roleplay, do you have vomiting and diarrhea? There is a risk of gathering inaccurate information. Now there will be moments that I tell you, I'm okay with you asking nauseous vomiting, the kind of the same thing. But you want to keep double-barreled questions to the minimum. Actually, one or two, I'm okay with it. When it starts happening over and over again, I say, that's not the goodest retaken skills. Rule number two, we're not going to use any technical terms, any technical terms. So it makes sense for you as a doctor, it does not make sense to a patient. Your question needs to be super simple, super specific and in layman. So I'm not going to tell the patient like, okay, how do I want to ask about obstetation? The guy is not passing any. You ask the patient, are you passing wind, are you passing gas? That's how you ask a patient. Yeah, he doesn't know what obstetation is as much as you might think he knows he doesn't. You want to ask clear, simple stupid specific questions from your roleplayer. And the third thing might be the most important thing, guys. Any positive, any positive that I give you in a case, it is your responsibility to probe further. So those are the best examples together. Have you lost weight? Yes, I have. Okay, so shout out, I don't want to hear the rest. Let's go to the next question. That's not what you're doing the exam. You've lost weight. How much have you lost? Over what period of time have you lost that? Yeah. So any problems with your periods, yeah, doctor, I've been having some problems lately. Tell me what problem. Are you bleeding too much? It's coming late, it's coming irregular. I need to know more about it. You need to probe for further information whenever you get a positive answer. Please do not brush it off. Most of the people who memorized the recall, they don't care. Okay, you have lost your weight on a cow and know the diagnosis. Don't talk. Don't talk more. I already know how much you've lost based on the recall. It's your job to show me that you have a good interviewing skill and you're doing the proper job. Now, let's start with our first books. We step number one. And we're going to practice this a few times. I'll make sure that the structure kind of sinks in and you get a good understanding about it. Now, step one is our intro. We want to start a case properly. And in our initiation of a case, we have a few considerations that we want to have. Now, before you write down, first thing that we want to do is we do have some cases that we need to assess if the patient is hemodynamically stable. When is it important for you before taking history to make sure your patient is stable? That is whenever you're dealing with a life-retaining presentation. So, for example, if I tell you a patient I've come to you with chest pain, you don't even know how I'm worried about M. I definitely want to make sure it's stable because if a patient is gasping for air, cyanotic drowsy, you don't drag him in my room. No, come in. I want to ask you questions. You want to make sure he's fine. If the patient is unstable, you might decide to do a primary survey instead of a secondary survey looking for the cause. I do understand this has become a little bit annoying. And so, let's talk about the realities. This has become a little bit annoying for everyone, for us, for AMC, for everyone. My problem working with AMC for the number of years is if you do something, they get annoyed. If you don't do it, they make it exhaustive to failure. Yeah. Now, is there an abdominal plan with a lot of life-threatening presentation to you guys? I look at your thumbs or the chat box. What do you think? There's no plan in life-threatening. Tell me a yes or no, instead of can be a could be. Yes or no? Yes. Look at your list of differentials. There's a lot of things that can be life-threatening. I will make sure to ask Amadana mixtability. But we want to understand how do we want to do this in the face-to-face exam? In the face-to-face exam, the first point that you keep in mind is your stem. If your stem gives you vital signs, you don't need to do that. As a response to the Amadana mixtability in the cases that are important, I'll say 50% of your cases all over the old topics, pediatrics, medicine, OMG. 50% of them, the stem tells you, your blood pressure is this, your pulse rate is this, respiratory is this, temperature is that. They're just telling you, like, look, Amadana mixtablet don't come in and ask us. So if you see those vital signs in the stem, you smile, we're done. There is no need to do Amadana mixtability. Now, you get a case that, OK, Amadana mixtablet is not there. So it is in your structure. When you open the door in the exam, usually a few things happen. You open the door. You're all the examiner standing behind the door. They're either check you. As all of you know now in the history taking cases, they ask all of you to sanitize your hands. So just on the corner of the wall, you do have a sanitizer to sanitize your hand. Let's go through the patient. They always introduce the patient to you. So this is your patient, Jean, Jill today. You have another copy of your case. Usually on a monitor, I also printed in front of you. So if you ever forget your task, you need to kind of reconfirm something on it. You have it in front of you. And they usually ask you, do you have any questions before you want to start? And you sit down. When they ask you, or even if they don't ask you, if you have any questions, you tell the examiner, I just want to make sure, I just want to make sure, my patient is stable. My patient is stable. And can you please tell me the vitals, including blood pressure, pulse rate, respiratory rate, and temperature? As a habit, all those do these four. Now, in the older exam, so when we look at 20-22, when we look at 2019, before we stopped doing the exam in COVID, the examiners were a little bit tricky back then, because obviously they had a different team responsible for running the exam. When you would tell the examiner, I want to make sure my patient is stable. The examiner will tell you, what would you like to know? So you would ask him, I want to know the vitals. You would ask you which vitals you want to know. And at that point, you have to ask him one by one. So that's why we made it a statement. Examiner, I want to make sure my patient is stable. Can you tell me the vitals blood pressure? He tells you, pulse rate, respiratory rate temperature. Now, I'm hearing this more and more in 2025, that the moment you initiate this statement, the examiner tells you, blood pressure is whatever, pulse rate is whatever, respiratory rate is whatever, temperature is whatever. But because you do have a small difference in the way that different examiners kind of react to this question, I will still keep you at this level as a structure. If the examiner spits out all of them, I've kind of helped you to wrap it up early and start your case. So examiner, just before I start, can you tell me if my patient is vital, stable, I want another blood pressure, pulse rate, respiratory temperature. If he gives you all of it good, if not get it one by one, your patient is stable, and you have to understand, there is a reason that all of your patients are stable. Please don't ask me the question, will they ever give me a blood pressure of 60 over 40, pulse rate of 150? No. The reason is your first task was to take a history. Why should I give you unstable patient for you to do a primary survey? They never give you unstable patient, but it is a nice box to take off. So box number one that we want to take off is hemodynamic stability. Now, let's look at our tips from examiners. The second thing that you have to do, and you have to do this in all of the cases, I will not get tired of writing this down, I'll write it down in each and every case for you for you guys to remember, open and get the question. You always initiate your structure with an open and the question. The reason that you do this, and if you look at your handbook, you do see that they give the role player a opening statement. Your opening statement is usually free lines of findings, is a story line for you to initiate the case. A number of you come out of the exam and message me and tell me, I went into the exam. The role player was just saying, yes, no, yes, no, wasn't giving me good information. So why was the role player doing that? Because you went in and this is how you start. So I want to know more about your pain, where is your pain? That is not an open end, that question, you'll say, right, lower sight. So tell me, do you have this? Yes, do you have that? No. Remember, you always start with a open ended question. Regarding the open ended question that you want to do, you're more than welcome to do whatever you like as long as it's open. The simple way that you can apply to all cases, how can I help you? So, Jill, how can I help you today? You want to do it differently, do it differently. Can you tell me more about your pain? Yeah, can you tell me more about your pain? So from the notes, Jill, I've read that you have some pain in your stomach and you tell me a little bit more about you tell me your story first before I start asking you close ended question. Now, your role player gives you a opening statement. Again, a big package of freelance or findings. In this opening statement, there's a lot of useful information. But in all of those information, there is something for you that you have to react. Now, let's look at tips from the examiner. It's your job to use the information provided in the reading time and the information from the patient's initial statement. And please observe their behavior. You have a patient in the tightness cluster that is your own and she's pretending that she's fallen asleep. You do have an appendicitis case. She's grabbing the lower side of her stomach, kind of pretending that she's in pain. These are nonverbal cues that you have to see. Yeah. Listen carefully to the patient's answer and please respond appropriately. Now, what is the main thing that we're talking about? What should I respond to? Your initial statement and your observed behavior, I was making this a joke, no patient comes to a doctor being happy. Doctor, I was happy today and I came to you. They always come to you concerned about something. I have a pain in my stomach, it's bad, I'm worried. I've had this problem for six months, it's not getting better, I'm worried. Nowadays, you see it even in your stem. The stem tells you your patient is concerned. You do have a number of cases. I have a headache, my brother has a brain tumor. My son has a lump in his neck, the cousin has lymphoma. I'm already showing you a concern. AMC makes this very specific, that not listening to or responding specifically to the initial statement, or the most important thing of the concern, we're gonna take that into account. So, I'll tell you what happens in the exam. So, Jill, how can I help you? Yeah, Doctor, this pain started a couple hours ago and has been so bad and I'm really worried that there's something wrong with my stomach. The person who thinks I'm an oscary exam, there's not a real consultation, she's not a real patient, she's acting, we'll say, okay, I don't care about your pain, tell me, where is the pain? But none of you are going to do that in the real life practice that you do. I'm gonna respond to my patient's concern. And you can see how AMC is talking about it. Let's just review it. Please respond appropriately to the initial statement and observe behavior. Please respond, listen and respond specifically to that statement and that concern. I know somewhere down the track, you think like, should I do that? Yes, you should do that. Now, in terms of how you do this guys, I don't want you to memorize my words, I'll tell you what is my favorite word in, but in each and every case, I'll give you a different example at the end of the day, at the end of this workshop, or whatever workshop you do with me, make it your own words, make it nice, but please remember, you have to understand the purpose of this. The purpose of doing our statement to address the patient's concern, as a structure I call it, address the concern. Addressing the concern, I'll acknowledge the patient concern. So the first thing is, you want to acknowledge it, that, okay, I do understand your concern very simply. You want to be empathic. Obviously they are upset, they are concerned, they are worried, they are in pain, and you want to be reassuring. So this is the concept of whatever statement you make, the few things that is happening at the back of your mind, I want to acknowledge my patient, to be able to grapple with my patient, I want to do empathy, I want to reassure the patient. So how would I do it? My acknowledgement statement, and again, I'm going to give you a number of different versions of doing it. I understand your concern. Yeah, I understand your concern. I'm sorry to hear that. I'm so sorry to hear that. I know you've been experiencing a tough time, experiencing a tough, challenging time, whichever wording you like to use. So, July, understand your concern. I know it's been quite tough, and I'm really sorry to hear that you had this pain. Now empathy, I'm here to help you. I'm here to support you. You are in safe hands. So simple words, I'm here to help you. Now you want to reassure me, but I need to ask you a few questions. I need to ask you a few questions, so I can get, so I can get a better idea, a better idea about your pain, and I promise to make the best management plan for you. Again, this is my wording, guys. Let's do different wording. So I understand that on the empathy, but Jill, we need to work together. I need to ask you a few questions to figure this out together. And once we do that, I'll take good care of you. I'll provide the best management plan for you. We'll find out what the problem is and we'll sort it out together. So you need a nice statement. What of your own wording is? Please keep it minimal. So I'll say something that doesn't go beyond 20, 30 seconds. You don't want to sit here and be empathic to me for another couple of minutes. You want to wrap it up nicely. I'm not a big fan of empathy. I just say if I score you for empathy, one place in a case, this is where I score you for empathy. When the patient expressed the concern, you have to be empathic and respond to it. The rest of my case, I don't really care about empathy. We do it once, we do it at the proper place, we give it up, and we move on. So if I want to just kind of summarize everything that we've done together on step one of our history taking, that was our intro phase, and we're going to call the intro moving forward, we made sure that we want to make sure our patient is anatomically stable. We talked about how you want to ask that for me, examiner. Step number two, you decided to do a lovely open-ended question. I can help you today, Jill. Yeah? I usually don't talk about this part. I assume everyone knows you introduce yourself and you do that, so I'll usually not talk about that. You sit down, my name is Amir. I'm your medical officer, Dr. Today. How can I help you, Jill? The patient gives you a statement. In 99% of your cases, there is a concern. There is something wrong. You address that concern. So please address that concern nicely. We want to be acknowledging that, to build rapport, we want to be empathic towards the patient, and you want to be reassuring towards the patient. Now regarding this for Sarvon is asking a good thing. He's saying, like, I've done it pesculately, and I studied that I wanted to do a ice. Yeah, ice is, so I've worked with British doctors, British GPs, they brought in ice to Australia. We don't like it in Australia. Ice fans for ideas, concerns and expectations. You know, osuke, example, four to six minutes, that is a little bit stupid even in a pesky way. You do that as a panel, also like, a little bit too much. We don't like to do that in Australia. It is the same topic that I'm addressing the patient's concern. I just don't want to be talking about ice ideas, concerns, and expectations. More of a fancy talk that you can do whenever you're talking, not in performing a history taking. Now, we want to get to step number two. In step number two, we've already defined our purpose. We want to know everything about pain. So to make it more organized, guys, to make it nicer, because I can, you're under a lot of stress. You're already forgetting questions that you need. They ask, we're going to use a no-monic to help us. What is the purpose of a no-monic? To give you a sequence, to give you organization, give you a framework to work on. When you go into no-monics for pain, I says, man, there's a number of no-monics. The sicura, the Socrates, the sorcerer, there's lots of radio. I just want to shoot out one of them out of the air, and that is the most common one after the one that I use. So some of the people that I've trained and now they're teaching you, they want to be a little bit different. They choose to do Socrates. I will not take Socrates to my AMC clinical exam. Now, in terms of Socrates, I don't like Socrates for a very certain reason. Yeah, it asks a lot of good questions about the pain, but my big problem with it is over here. Before you end exploring your pain, you've already dropped yourself in the mess of associated symptoms. That doesn't make any sense. You just have to have fever, vomiting. At that point, it ruins your entire structure. You forget to ask a few of these and nothing goes well. I will not do Socrates. You're more than welcome to use the no-monic of your choice. If anyone someone has put down our used old cards, use whatever works for you, whatever you use. If you have associated symptoms in the middle, no. I need a no-monic that starts exploring the pain and exploring the pain without anything extra. You have a step number two. Step number two is only assessing pain. I like to use Cicora. Cicora works the best. And again, we have a number of cases of pain. We're going to do chest pain together. We're going to do headache together. We're going to do knee pain together. We're going to do a lot of pains together. I use Cicora. This is the best no-monic that works in AMC. And again, I've already told you why I don't like the rest. So there stands for the site. So you ask the patient, can you please tell me the site of your pain? And you tell me, where do you feel the pain? Where do you feel the pain? Tell me the site of the pain. What ever way you want to ask it. There are stands for intensity. So this is the quantity that mortars says, the intensity of your pain. In terms of intensity, guys, it doesn't make much of a sense. If you ask me how bad is your pain? And I say medium. Medium doesn't make any sense to you. Even if I say a lot doesn't make sense to you. You usually tell the patient to scale it. So on the scale of one to 10, on the scale of one to 10, I don't use zero because you already told me you have pain. Zero means no pain. One is the least pain. And 10 is the worst pain that you've experienced. That you've experienced. So tell me, how bad is your pain? So, Gilles, on the scale of one to 10, 10 being the worst pain, one being the least pain that you've ever experienced. How bad is your pain today? They're okay, six. Okay, now it makes a little bit more sense to me. If I tell you 10, nine, okay, this is severe pain. You get to the Q. The Q is the quality. In terms of the quality, the quality becomes a little bit important for you. But one thing that I've been asking you guys to do, in different cases, different qualities become important for you. So in headache, I'm looking for different qualities. For example, I'm looking for a frobbling pain of migrant. In chest pain, I want to differentiate typical versus a typical pain. We want to think about abdominal pain. So in all the differentials that we have, we're thinking about two main qualities of the pain. So I ask the patient, like about the quality of the pain, about the quality of the pain. Can you tell me, I'm trying to define if your pain is sharp versus a dollic. So can you tell me that if, are you feeling a sharp pain or a dollic? There have been some role players that when you asked them, what is the quality of the pain? They said, what do you mean by the quality of the pain? So I will take the time to give them examples, kind of help myself. So about the quality of your pain, would you describe it as a sharp pain or a dollic, the sharp end of a reno-colleague, your retricolique, yeah, or the dollic, or for example, a bowel obstruction that you have. Just to get an idea about it. Now, the old will stand for onset. The other name of onset is timing. Now, in terms of timing, guys, we're gonna do three things together. Question number one, how long have you had the pain, when did the pain start? Since when have you had this pain? So you wanna know the onset of the pain, when did the pain start? How long have you had it? Question number two, is your pain on and off? You're looking for a quality pain, or is it constant continuous? Which of a word you wanna use? So since your pain has started, is your pain on and off? That's what you make sense as a quality pain, or is it a constant continuous pain? And overall, is this pain getting gradually getting worse? I hate the question of, is your pain gradual or sudden? Because it doesn't make too much of a sense. When you ask me, if your pain is getting worse, you're asking me, is your pain gradually getting worse? And if a sudden pain is a key point that it is, in some cases, it is a key point. I'll ask it separately, I wanna ask it over here. You'll ask about radiation. So radiation, you can either use the same word or ask traveling. So can you tell me, if your pain radiates anywhere, travels anywhere? So does your pain radiate or travel anywhere? So easy job. And at the end, you get to the alleviating and aggravating factors. In some of the mnemonics, I started telling you the second A's, the how's it affecting your life, but most of our cases are acute abdomens. If I've had an optimal pain for two hours, obviously, little bit too soon to give me any effect on my function. In terms of alleviating and aggravating factors, you initially asked me a general question. What is your general question? Does anything, does anything, make the pain better or worse? So this is a general question of alleviating and aggravating factors, but I always ask you, in all cases, what have a pain you're doing, you have to decide on some specific stuff. The specific questions that you ask after this question is for the reason that your role players do not always answer these questions. There is aggravating factor there. They've been told not to answer the question unless you ask it specifically. In Chespan, we have a few specific questions relevant to Chespan and headache. We have another few relevant things. We want to think about abdominal play guys. Let's break some together. What specific alleviating or aggravating factor do you think is important to ask me? If you want to choose one or two. I agree with all of you. Number one, food and eating. So is your pain worse after eating? Better or worse, but mainly worse after eating? So, peptic also, this is worse after eating pancreatitis. Might get worse called assistitis after a fatty meal, a lot of things. The second thing that might be important that we usually don't ask in anywhere else is there any specific position that makes your pain better, usually? Is there a specific position that makes your pain better or possibly worse? And we usually like to ask this question mainly for cases like pancreatitis. Yeah, all of you in all cases of pancreatitis, we usually a little bit better if you're lean forward. So this is how I started exploring my pain and I end exploring my pain. If you pick up the habit of doing a full secore or whatever, no more that you've chosen to do properly and completely, at the end of this, you already will have a good idea about what you're dealing with. You will usually have a good idea about what you're dealing with. But again, my job is to make a nice structure for you. That works in all cases. There's only one last thing that I want to add in this structure and we're going to cover the case together. Please open up a bracket on your site. Ask if you have a right lower quarter napdominal pain that is the most common acute abdomen case you get. Please remember that you want to ask for the critical shifting question. So in terms of the site, where is your pain? It's in the right lower side of my stomach. Oh, okay, I have a very important question that I need to ask you. Where did the pain start? Where did the pain start? Did it start at the same location or somewhere else? And all of you know, well, I'm asking that question for the important shift that I've been decided is... Now, I talked to the two hours ago. It was around my belly button. Now I'm feeling it in the right lower side of my stomach. But in the case of ectopic pregnancy, it started there, still there. And I'll just ask that if I get a case of right lower quarter. So this is my second component of my history taking structure that I want to cover. So we did our first step, easy. We start walking on this end. It will require a little bit of practice until you kind of master it to do it unconsciously. You'll have to repeat it a few times yourself. So Jill, tell me where the pain is. If it's in the right lower quadrant, can you tell me if the pain started there? Now that it was around the belly button, then moved out. So from the scale of one to 10, 10 is the worst pain that you've experienced. One is the least pain. How bad is your pain today? It's a six. Regarding the quality, do you feel this is a sharp rodolake? It's more of a vague heaviness that I feel in that area. Okay, when did it start? It started yesterday. Is it all in a normal constant? It's just there. Is it getting worse? Yes, it is. Is there any radiation? No, it's just in my lower side of my stomach. Anything makes it better worse? No. Is it related to eating? Does it get better worse with eating? Not really, doctor. And what about position? Any position makes it better? No, no position, kind of affects it. So far, we've done a good job on step number two. What we decided to do is we want to do a sigora. And again, we're going to do the sigora in all of our cases. Nothing different. We're just going to apply it over and over again. I'll just repeat it for the purpose of letting it stick to your mind. Now, let's get to step number three. I work with a lot of you guys. If I sit in an example 40 days, step number one and two, 95% of the candidates will be very similar. 95% of the candidates will start the case nicely. We'll explore the pain, then, or what to do. Every doctor knows what to do. If you ask me which step, which box is the place that you decide to pass or fail the candidate, I'll say step number three. And again, step number three is the sense of structure. So far, we made it easy, no more than easy, into nothing weird, the same sigora for all cases. Nothing different. It's this part that becomes important for you. Purpose of step three is very clear. What is the purpose at this point? You narrow down your differentials. Now it's time to start asking questions for each and every differential to rule them out, to come down to a conclusion that this is my provisional diagnosis. The higher likely diagnosis versus the rest of the unlikely differentials. The important question is over here, guys. This is the most important question, because a lot of people tell you do this in the exam. I'll clearly tell you it doesn't work. They tell you, at this point, have free differentials, start asking associated symptoms. And we think AMC clinical is easy, so don't have a structure, don't do relevant questions. Make a list of associated symptoms for yourself, apply to all cases. Start from the top head to toe. Let's go head ache, blurring, vision, sore throat, neck pain, cough, chest pain, shortness of breath, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, knee pain, foot pain. Ask it in all cases. You'll think of key points. And you are kind of right. You are taking off key points. You're definitely taking off key points, but are you a good shooter? And do you think I don't see that as an examiner? I clearly see what you're doing. You are following a irrelevant line of questioning. You're just doing a head to toe approach. Doesn't have any clinical reasoning in it. I'm not going to pass you. Does this work? Not at all. No more than welcome to go on. Try it out, and I'll make a joke out of it. Put me in a case. Don't tell me a stem. Don't tell me anything about the step one. And to ask me to do associated symptoms. I'll write down for all patients of associated symptoms. I guarantee the key points are there. Because all of your doctors and how many associated symptoms you have. So instead of that, let's do the hard job, but the proper job. I start ruling out the offensials one by one. When you want to start ruling out the offensials, a few things become important. Ooh, now I need a good list of differentials. So the person who wants to memorize three differentials, they told me I'll pass with four differentials or five differentials. If you don't have differentials over here, you don't know what you're doing. You'll have to fall back into this. This is the place that you need a good list from different groups. It is cleverly made. It is nicely designed. And it tells you what exactly you want to do in your case. So let's go and build this component together, maybe the most important part, but I'll just show you this. AMC tells you, we want you to follow a relevant. If I tell you any question that you don't understand, the relevance, please don't write it down. An extremely organized step by step approach that demonstrates your clinical reasoning. Let's all go over here and make a structure that kind of applies all of those concepts to it. I want to start ruling out differentials. Now make group number one. Obviously, GI group of differentials. You cannot ignore the fact that your biggest most important significant group of differentials are GI differentials. Now, I'm going to form my structure like this. I'm going to ask a few general GI questions to make them easy. I just give them a name for you guys to remember better. As much as they are general and they are easy cases, it's a little bit funny if you don't ask these questions in the abdomen or pain. Question number one that you can do together. Any nausea and vomiting. So I usually label this whatever happens in the opposite of your GI. No, it's the unvermitting. Now, what happens in the middle that is important for you? I'm thinking about two things. Loading. The gas that gets stuck in the middle. And are you still passing wind? It does make sense as a layman term. You don't like wind. Are you passing gas? You're looking for observation. If anyone tells me that I failed at New 2024 case of bowel obstruction, I asked him, did you ask him this question? Do you pass gas? No, they don't. And that kind of gives out the case if I'm not passing gas. And I have a pass my bowel, motion something is blocked. And the third group of questions is whatever happens in your lower GI. Do you have any diarrhea? Do you have any constipation? I know I ask both of them in all cases. Any diarrhea or any constipation? The last general GI question that I want to just ask over you to get over it is fever. Do you have any fever? Or all the infections of whatever system we're dealing with? So I'll start my sequencing like this general GI question. So it knows you're vomiting super important for you. Happens in all of your differentials, bloating and gasing wind super important, ticks off your bowel obstruction case, diarrhea constipation. Any case might give you anything. Now we go to the second group of questions for GI. I will call them the red flag questions. Now as much as they are called them the red flag question, they're just for the purpose of being the red flag questions. But I'm going to link them to bowel cancer. I've already told you that please don't ask me the question. But my case is a pain for two days. Is it still important to rule out bowel cancer? Sometimes it's not the bowel cancer. It's the questions that become important for you to ask. We're going to ask general cancer questions. General cancer questions are easy. All of you learned very fast. But after a while it becomes a little bit annoying for everyone in collineal examiner. Your general cancer question. Have you lost any weight? I'll just write down as LOW loss of weight. Have you had loss of appetite? For the person who says, I think this is irrelevant. In your appendicitis case, you keep one of anorexia comes out of this. Yeah, so it's your questioning not the bowel cancer that you're ruling out. Any lumps and bumps that you noticed in your body? Any lumps and bumps in your body? This question is usually we're asking lymph nodes, lymphedinopathy. But when you ask me this question, lumps. Ooh, yeah, I have a lump in my groin over here. And yeah, it takes up other things for you too. And I'll put down tiredness as a last question. Because we are in the acute abdomen, you can call it tiredness or maybe dizziness. Do you feel dizzy? Do you feel light-headed? Maybe instead of tiredness, it's more important for me to ask it as light-headedness. But obviously cancer can give you tiredness. So you're feeling light-headed, dizzy with the pain that you have. So good job. Everyone, remember to ask general cancer questions. Now it's your job, guys. Tell me what are specific cancer questions. Critical questions. Whatever your case is, I don't care. What do you want to ask me? Just specific bowel cancer or red-flight questions of GI conditions. Number one, do you have any blood in your stools? Happens in cancers, happens in involve-less, happens in diuretic liities, happens in mesentric ischemia, happens in all of your differentials. And it is a critical thing. If I tell you I'm bleeding, big problem. Now, having fresh blood in the stool is one thing, but the second thing is, have you noticed a dark colored stool? At that point, you know there is GI bleeding a little bit more proximal, barely in your GI tract. So the tooth, they're the same thing, but I'll ask two separate questions. Then I'll ask, have you noticed any change in your bowel habits? So have you noticed any challenges in your bowel habits? We've already asked about diuretic classification, but now overall, any change. And the last question I want to ask in all cases is any family, history, or bowel cancer? Better significant for you. I'm a keepy. That's a question that I ask in all of my cases, or this is enough for this case. This is as much as I go. We're just making a basic structure. These are the few specific questions. If you're riding down with me, please put a big circle, red circle around this question. If you want to miss any of them, I'm not going to miss that blood in the stool question. The most critical question that you have to ask me. So what have we have done in the GI is, we ruled out all the general symptoms, up, middle, down. We ruled out red flags, bowel cancer, general questions, specific questions. Just a wrap up our GI. I'll ask two last questions. Any previous surgeries? That does become important for you. Surgery for adhesion, surgery for any other problem. Any previous surgeries that you've had on your stomach. And overall, any medication. I like to bring up medication a little bit early in acute abdomen because NSA is give you a peptic ulcer disease. Yeah, SGL2's of diabetes give you pancreatitis. You have a case in AMC, I've taken endyl, oxycodone, I have constipation, I have abdominal pain. So you have a number of medications that do impact your GI component. Any medication you're on, that's all. For now is a structure on that. So what did I do as a summary in my GI? I asked my general questions, the six, six, seven questions. I ruled out my red flags. My red flags of cancer had general questions and specific questions. To be honest, after a while, the general questions become a little bit more ring-please-focused on the specific question. I'll ask you a few questions that I want to ask. For the sake of time management, we're just going to do two and move on. Any previous surgery medication, we're done. Let's get out of the way. Now, we'll get to second group of differentials. I will ask KUB differentials. Even if I'm sure my case is up and decided at that point, you are showing a history taking that is rule and get out differentials. You want to rule out KUB differentials. In the KUB, you have different differentials. You had UTIs, you had rental, you're a trick call, you had your own retention, and different things. I just want to ask a few questions that ticks off symptoms that are shared between all of these. Dizuria is one important one. All your UTIs, rental, call, if your retro call is given to your Dizuria. So do you have any pain or burning on passing urine? Do you have any pain? KUB stands for kidney retram bladder. So it's their genital urinary system, essentially. Pain or burning on passing urine. Question number two. I'll ask frequency. So are you passing urine more frequently? Are you passing urine more frequently? Now maybe question number three, just to tick off a lot of things. Do you have any blood in your urine? Ticks off cancers, ticks off a colleague, yeah? And so on. We've just these three questions. I think I've managed to rule out KUB conditions, whatever differential, if these three questions are negative, you don't have that much of a concern that something is wrong there. So we started our case. All of our cases with the GI component, with the KUB component. Now this is the point that you apply the context of your case. If you are dealing with a lower abdominal pain, which means left lower, right lower, oh, super pubic. We really don't have a case of super pubic, but anyway, it's usually left lower or right lower if they want to give you a case over here. If you have a lower abdominal pain, this is how my differential's go. Differential number one, mean port or monhernia. One important one that you have to rule out is one of the most recent cases of your ketab ribbons. I'll ask the question one more time. Any swelling or lumps in your groin? A few of you will say, but just a minute ago, you asked lumps and bumps. Yeah, that role player thought that I've been told not to provide information if they don't ask me specifically, they didn't ask me specifically in the groin. That's why you ask it here. Oh, yeah, I have something there in my groin. When you get to the second component, I'll divide it into ladies and men. Most of your lower abdominal pains are going to be ladies. Might and I'll present our ladies for a certain reason. Now, we are thinking about both obstetrics and gynecological differentials. There's a lot of questions that you have to ask over here and it becomes a mess and you miss one important one. Sometimes if you just miss one question, they'll have your last period, you miss a case. Now, we'll kind of divide it into a group. Ask me symptoms first, please. In the lady with lower abdominal pain, very important. Do you have any vaginal bleeding? Second question, any vaginal discharge? So the two key questions that you have, do you have any vaginal bleeding? Do you have any vaginal discharge? Now there are two separate areas that you have to explore in all cases. Question number one, period history. So in the period history, if I want to choose my most important question, it's this question, last menstrual period. I usually make it a joke, this question is so critical and acute. Even if you have a man, a male patient asks them, when was the last period? Don't come and tell me I forgot it in that lady to ask the last period. Even if you have a man, please ask the question, he'll tell you, I don't have any periods. It's the most critical question that a lower abdominal pain in a female. Don't tell me I missed that question, I wanted an opacic case. You can still proceed if you want to go further, like do you have any heavy periods or irregular periods? I wouldn't say it's very relevant to all of our cases, but you can still ask it if you like. So any history of irregular periods, because when I tell you my last period, what six weeks ago, you have to ask me that question, okay, are your periods regular, regular? Because I'll let you, how's your regular periods? I get it every three months, last month, last time, what six weeks ago? So I wouldn't be too concerned either way. And the second area is sexual history. Now, in terms of sexual history, we're just doing a screening over here. Question number one, are you sexually active? I don't want to ask the next question if you're not sexually active. And as a screening, do you practice safe sex? Do you practice safe sex? Some of your role plays say, what does that mean? And use condoms. So do you usually practice safe sex and use condoms? This is where you start thinking about PID, pelvic inflammatory disease, again, a new case in this area. And maybe I'll ask one last question as a screening. Have you ever been diagnosed with a sexual transmitted infection? So have you ever been diagnosed with a sexual transmitted infection? Because I risk fact if I say yes, oh, okay. So there's a good chance that there might be a PID there. As I head up guys, I am not doing a full sexual history. Later on, we'll do a sexual case together. For example, this paronia case, genital rash case, I tell you, you want to know how many partners I have, multiple partners, are your partners male or female. Do you do anal, vaginal oral? Because I want to swab you. I am just doing a screening. So you can write down for yourself. If you stay here and ask me 20 questions about the sexual history, you missed the rest of your differential. So please, we're screening for sexual history over here. And just in case you have a man, that is simple. Do you have any pain or swelling in your scrotum, in your private baths? Any pain or swelling, it will look in for a torch and you're looking for epithetumol kind of that the pain might drag into the lower abdomen. Yeah. So that's how you kind of screen this component. So if I had a case of lower abdomen or pain, hand you out for everyone, ladies and men. And if I have a lady, there's a lot of questions I want to know to make myself organise symptoms first, bleeding discharge, sexual history, period history. I know what I want to ask if it's a man's single question. Now let's go and continue our structure in the context of upper abdominal pain. We're just making a black structure together. We have a case of upper abdomen or pain. Now what if my case, I mean it comes the new case of 2025, the guy has a gastric pain. What should I do then? There's a few boxes that you open up, box number one, maybe the most significant one, liver and gallbladder. Now in terms of liver and gallbladder, I'm just calling it liver and gallbladder because it includes hepatitis, colostitis, colongiitis, cancers and other problems in that area. So there's a lot of problems that happens over there. But the questions are the same. So any yellowish discoloration of your skin, you're looking for jaundice. So do you have any yellowish discoloration of your skin? That's a simple way of asking jaundice. Now if I want to proceed further, do you have dark urine and pale stools? So have you noticed any dark colored urine and pale stools? We'll talk about these, this area later on in our class when we get to the liver class. And if I want to ask one last question, any recent travel, we'll do the cases together. Yeah, I've traveled somewhere, I've had a fight to say. These are the three questions that I asked to live in, but I kind of covers everything. I covers a lot of things. If anyone wants sick, colostitis, you already asked the association to food, so that's out of the way. The second group that I want to put down is Peptig also disease and gastroesophageal reflux. Just as I heads up, if I write down a question for the second time, guys, I don't mean you have to ask it twice. I just mean that if you forgot to ask it specifically in your aggravating factor, you have another chance to ask it over here. Is your pain related to eating and food? Now, these two kind of give you a shared questioning that is your risk factor. What is the risk factor of getting reflux or Peptig also disease? I'm already asked medication in my GI questions. Do you drink coffee? Drink alcohol? Spicy food? That's enough. Someone says I like something else. I have something else. As long as you take off all of you, know what is a trigger for gastroesophageal reflux and Peptig also disease. When you ask alcohol, it takes off your pancreatitis case too. I'm coffee, cafe, and editor drinks, and so on. Just as I heads up, I've already asked medication. If you forgot to ask medication, I get medication that is important for you. Maybe the third group is looking at a cure coroner syndrome and a pneumonia, low lop pneumonia. I'll ask only two questions. Do you have any chest pain? Any shortness of breath? Then one has time, maybe cough. Do you also have any chest pain? No. Are you short of breath? No. Are you coughing? No. Good. That's out of the way we're done. And this is the point that we get towards the end of our history taking. I'll just get to the other cases. I will list them because especially one of them is a recall of the exam. Question number one, mesentric ischemia. I guess four mesentric ischemia. Just remembering the context. It's an old patient. You don't expect a mesentric ischemia in the 20-year-old patient. Unless something is happening, but mesentric ischemia more of a elderly disease. What is the question that you want to ask if you want to just ask one question for it? You're looking for a tripipulation to give you that embolequation of mesentric ischemia. So have you noticed any funny racing of your heart? That is only finding, yeah, I've noticed my heart is kind of beating a little bit funny. When you call it racing of heart, you need palpitation. When you call funny, you mean a irregular heartbeat. That happens in nature of fibrillation. That's why we're going to find a racing of heart. I'll ask a simple rash question. So do you have any rashes or shingles? I'll ask a trauma question. The question that all of you love. Do you have any trauma to your abdomen? I'll leave it for one of the least important questions because if it's a traumatic case, the stem usually specifies that all you get in this opening statement. And if you want to still keep diabetic etacidosis in your list, all of you know the questions. I'm looking for polydips. See, I'm looking for polyurea. So that means have you noticed any increase in your first? Have you noticed any increase in your first? Are you passing more urine? Are you passing more urine lately? So these are the three questions that I will ask for my other differentials. And again, if you look at how I've kind of designed my structure, these are at the bottom of the list, at the very end of the list. But at this point, I'll smile to myself and I'll say like, okay, I think I've been able to rule out a good number of differentials. This takes us to step number four. Now, step number four is there just to be nice. The only purpose that I'm talking about step number four is to be nice. In a six minute history taking, I have extra time. I've studied well. I had extra time. Let me close my structure nicely. I was trying to find all these feedbacks from the people that have worked in the last couple of years that they've messaged me that I'm here. I didn't ask sad mind any case of my past all my cases. Please go tell everyone don't ask sad mind. Look guys, if you have time to ask this, ask this. If you don't, don't do it. The problem that we've faced with sad mind, all the stupid nomonics, because some of these nomonics are stupid and some people even went a little bit creative. They called it, I don't know, sad mind chicken curry. I'm editing a longer. It's nomonic to it in the beach case. Psychologically, when you go on the stress instead of thinking about the differential and asking me, keep on questions. Your brain tells you, ask sad mind. Then we roll play together in the span of four minutes. You ask me sad mind three times. The sad mind at the beginning, you ask sad mind in the middle, you ask sad mind, you and I tell you, you ask it three times. It's interesting your reaction is, I didn't notice, because my brain shows you as a stress coping mechanism. If anyone misses a good closure, you've lost nothing. Now some people will get a little bit upset, but alcohol is a key point. Medication is a key point. That is why that was in my GI question. That is why alcohol was important in my pepagol, St. Gastrozovesia, Reflux question. To be honest, I don't really care about smoking. There's stands for smoking. If you have time to ask it, if you want to ask alcohol, if you're forgotten, do you do any drugs, any medications, any allergies, any past medical history, any family history. Out of all of these surgical history was a key point for me. I kept it as a specific question that I asked all my questions in the GI questions. Just to give you an idea about where this comes from, because it's interesting to understand this. I don't know who brought this into psychological courses and when that happened, but whoever brought it, obviously it was a GP. RACGP, the role Australian College of General Practitioner, believes in opportunistic screening. So they tell us, GPs, you need to be holistic in your approach. You need to do opportunistic screening and health education for your patient, which means maybe your patient is here today for a sore throat, do opportunistic screening for smoking. Maybe you want to do smoking, yes, I'm sorry. Alcohol use disorder in Australia. Maybe I some about alcohol. You might want to provide some health education over your drugs, medication allergies, past medical history, and family history. So if you look at what we've done together now, I'll just list my structure. So this is the final outcome of what we made as a structure. Step number one was my intro. That I know my things that I need to take off. I'm an dynamic stability, open-ended question and I need to address my concern. I'm going to do this in each and every case that we do from now on. Step number two, I need to explore the pain well. You've either decided to do Cicora or you decided to do whatever the no more work that works well for you. I start rolling out my differentials. Maybe the nice way of rolling out differentials was I grouped the GI, KUB, then in upper, I did the liver, gallbladder, peptic ulcer disease, and ACS and the pneumonia in the lower, I did hernia and pelvic problems. Step number four, if I get time, I'll do a good closure. Now this is the point that you want to ask me a question. So I'm here. You know, we make one structure. So what if I get six minutes? What if I get four minutes? You get a six minute history taking, you cover all of it. You get a four minute, you run out of time over here. No one really cared about your good closure. You ran out of time for decay, shingles and trauma that added in care about it all. You've still done a good job exploring the pain. You've still asked red flags of GI. You've still ruled out a few groups of differentials and we're done. So a four minute history will still get it. I mean, there is a case that gives me three minutes of history taking. What should I do then? I stick to my structure. If I want to repeat myself, we made one structure. For those of you who are Lord of Rings fans like me, one ring, the fit them all. Yeah, we're just going to do some minor changes in each and every case, depending on what the case is. Mine are key points to be added or minor reshuffling of our structure. Now instead of memorizing the 15, 20 recodes that I have, I just think to myself that I know one structure. We're going to look at our cases. We're going to apply this over and over again. I'm going to repeat it so many times towards then you're going to get a little bit of noise. But it will help you kind of retain the structure a little bit better.