story, just a slight difference that you have a patient 25 year old with upper abdominal pain. The only difference is we're giving you investigations in the stem. That makes the case a little bit stupid, yeah? Your task is still to take a history. You need to explain the results to the patient and you need to tell him the diagnosis and the differentials. I don't like this case because when I tell you the lipase is high, everything becomes pancreatitis, makes it a little bit hard to do a nice history taking. But the reason that this case becomes a little bit harder, the stem has made it very specific its pancreatitis. So you will only pass in one situation. That is if you rule our causes of pancreatitis. I will do the same structure that we did in the previous case, but what you need to pass this very super specific case that I told you in the stem its pancreatitis is causes of pancreatitis. When I get extra time, I will still look into ruling out my other differentials, but I'll say in such a case, your priority is not differentials. Does everyone get the point? The way that the case has been designed. I'm checking your knowledge specifically about pancreatitis. So you stick to the same structure, same structure, ticks off your boxes. The reason that it ticks off your boxes is after we did the secura, we came back to the conclusion that pancreatitis is the most common probable thing we ruled out the causes. Although this I really wouldn't worry about. I will still continue ruling out the differentials, but wherever I run out of time, I don't care because I've done my job. Let's just get to the investigation and explain the investigation. With the investigation, let's keep it simple and stupid. If I roleplay this with anyone and anyone starts like, yeah, we have free lines up cells in our blood. That's the moment that I know we're not going well. You want to quickly tell me, what is that high white blood cell? What is happening? What is that light paste? What is happening to the liver? This is a slight issue over here. Question. We're sure this is pancreatitis. The question for you guys to answer here before you go into the exam is, is a mildly raised ASD and ALT okay to see in pancreatitis? Or is this hepatitis or colocystitis? I don't know, colanitis? What do you think? So my question is it okay to see a certain amount of raised liver enzymes? Yeah. Because once you have pancreatitis, again, sticking to the liver, ducts are connected to each other. It is normal, okay, common to see a slight mild change in your liver enzymes. You do know in terms of the liver enzymes, whenever we want to look at a hepatocelular pattern, we usually say four, five, more than 10 times eight times the normal limit. So if you see, like for example, the ASD, ALT, your upper limit that you have in the exam is 40 or 50. And it's less than two to three times. I'm not concerned about that. I'm not going to call this, this is pancreatitis because colocystitis or pancreatitis because of hepatitis. Now, you're just going to simply just end up with pancreatitis. So let's explain the investigation together. You tell the patient that I can see your white butt cells are high. I need a simple fast explanation. White butt cells are part of your immune system, are part of your immune system. And they increase when you have inflammation, when you have inflammation in your body. I'm not going to talk about infection because it's not an infection case. So I can see a white butt cells are high. White butt cells are a line of cells that are part of your immune system. And whenever they're high, it suggests that there is an inflammation happening in a part of your body. I will get to the lipase. Now, your lipase is high. The lipase enzyme is high. This is an enzyme produced by your pancreas, produced by your pancreas. You need to explain what the pancreas is because we haven't done this in this case. So the pancreas is an organ in your stomach that helps with digesting food, helps with digesting food. And when it's inflamed, when it's inflamed, it increases the amount of lipase in your blood. Or the high lipase suggests that your pancreas is inflamed. And I've already told you one inflammation. This is your second inflammation where it's happening. Now, going forward, I can see your liver enzymes are also high. Liver enzymes are also high. The explanation that I'll provide for this is this means there is a slight or mild inflammation in your liver. That is common. That is common to see when we have inflammation in the pancreas. There is no doubt that you do have a certain amount of inflammation in your liver, but this is very common to see when we have pancreatitis. And whatever else is normal, I've just got to wrap it up that this is normal. That is normal and well, good. This takes you to your diagnosis. So most likely, easy, you have pancreatitis. I've already told you what the pancreas is. It's the organ in your stomach in the opposite. It helps with digesting food. It is inflamed. The reasons that I'm making this diagnosis are the history findings and the investigations you have. So you have a lot of nausea and vomiting. You told me the pain is better with leaning forward, worse on lying down. If you had radiation to the back, that is another good reason. You've had an episode of heavy alcohol drinking. And looking at your lipase, as I told you, when the lipase is high, this definitely suggests there is a problem in the pancreas. What are your differentials? Tell me other things in the middle. So I was thinking about pancreatic cancers, cancers in your pancreas or cancers in your gallbladder, collageocourse, you know, I was thinking about liver and gallbladder problems. So, colesive studies, colongitis, hepatitis. I was also thinking about peplic ulcer disease, gastrozophasial reflux, having pain in the upper abdomen. Sometimes you might have an infection in your lung that we call pneumonia and acute coroner syndrome, always scamic heart disease, also a good differential. But at the end of the day, I was thinking about peplic cancer, bowel cancers, maybe inflammatory bowel disease, and other differentials that I can list for abdominal pain. And that's all for this case.