Start with case number one for today and see how we go. So case number one, okay, we go into the exam and your next patient is a 50 year old man who comes to your general practice is complaining of left lower quarter napdominal pain. And the duration is a little bit longer now, a little bit different to our acute abdomen cases. So he's been having a pain in the left lower side and the duration is longer for a couple of weeks. Your task is to take a six minute history taking. So you have a lot of time to do your history taking, and you have to do it properly, you have to explain your diagnosis, your most likely diagnosis with reasons and differentials to the patient. Now, once you see such a stem, guys, we have talked about it, maybe the question that I have from you guys is, what is your pre-dominal assessment area? If you wanna pass this case, you should be able to clearly identify it now. When you look at this, what is the dominant assessment area? It is history taking. So to be honest, whatever happens in this case, even if you don't come down to a diagnosis, maybe the thing that will affect me passing is your history taking. Not only looking at different differentials, but having a good sequence or organization. And what AMC has chosen to call it now, having a good clinical reasoning. They just keep repeating this word over and over again for themselves now. We fail people that we feel they don't have a good clinical reasoning. So for the first case that I wanna do, let's start with our first question. Let's brainstorm. So I'll give you 20, 30 seconds if you're on your computer and your keyboard. Tell me, what are your differentials for this case? You have a 50-year-old guy. Left, low, quarter, and up, no pain. I'll give you a few seconds if you wanna just jump on the chat box and think, or even if you grab a scrap paper for yourself and put down what are your differentials. Good, yeah. Perfect. So exactly guys, the first thing that'll come to your mind in the exam, when you see such a case with a predominant assessment area, before I walk in, I'll think about my differentials. It's always nice to think about, okay, David, go out of these cancers, and as this and that, you will get lost in your list. So let's make your groups as usual together. What you have to do in this case is, obviously you do understand the significance of red flags, and your serious disorders that you know what I'm talking about. I'm gonna do a few GRD frontials. I'm gonna do KUBD frontials, the Hernia and Jennitalia are still important for me, although it's a man, I still wanna look into that. And if I get time, that in this case, you have a lot of time, I'll look at my other differentials. So let's just have a quick review of our structure and what we've decided to do together. So this is my thinking process. Once I step foot into this case, my history contains four major steps that I wanna do. I wanna have a nice intro. That obviously build that initial connection with my patient. I wanna explore my complaint that is the pain. I step number two for myself. I did review my differentials. The thing that I tell myself at this point is no matter what happens in my differentials, I'm not gonna forget my red flags. In this case, don't ask me red flags, and you're gonna see case number two anyway. I'm not passing you. I like what you've done. Once a good number of groups of differentials have been ruled out, many of you, if you've practiced enough, you will get time to do a good closure in this case. You will wrap up your case and move on to diagnosis. So let's start doing it together. I step foot into the station. They are checking me where, sanitize your hand. There's a sanitizer. sanitize my hand. I sit down. This is Gary, your patient. Start your issue taking. I'll introduce myself. Hi, my name is Emir. I'm your doctor for today. How can I help you Gary? We started with a good open ended question. Your patient will give the statement as expected. You're a doctor, so I've been having this pain for one month now. It's not getting better. It's not getting better. And to be honest, it's getting a little bit annoying. I'm starting to worry that there might be something wrong with me. So you wanna respond to that opening statement. Hopefully by now you thought about it, you thought about the words that work well for you. I do understand your concern. I Gary and I do understand this is quite stressful, but I'm here to help you. To get a bit of understanding of your pain, I'll need to ask you a few questions. Once I understand it better, I'll be able to help you out. And I'll provide the best management plan. How does that sound to you? Again, if you want to offer painkillers, to be honest, I'm not too fuss about it. Are you in any pain now? No, Dr. I'm not in any pain now. Good. Okay, so let's proceed with our case. So you did your initial statement. Let's proceed on. I know some of you might be thinking, okay, why didn't we do a hemodynamic stability? To be honest, in this case, if you do it nice, if you don't, I might not really care. Because it's a duration of one month, I gave you the context in the stem. Although we can always argue that maybe it's a cancer that today is obstructed the bowel, that's why I tell you maybe do it. But because of the duration, maybe I'm not too fussed about it because we decided that in an acute abdomen of acute nature, we want to do hemodynamic stability. But even if you do it as a structure, still fine with me. Now let's get to our pain. We start asking this guy a few questions. So Gary, can you tell me where do you feel the pain? Yeah, Gary tells you like, yeah, it's in the left, lower side of my stomach, doctor. Okay, good. So regarding the intensity, if you want to scale it, one to 10, how bad is your pain? I recently was reading a recall, someone had mentioned that the patient didn't know how to scale. Yeah, I think you didn't explain how to scale. The patient knows how to scale. He didn't tell him what that one to 10 means. So Gary, just to tell you before that 10 means the worst pain that you've experienced in your life. One is the least pain that you've experienced. So on this scale, how would you describe your pain that you've been experiencing in the last few weeks? Yeah, it's five out of 10, okay? Good. Now regarding the quality, the quality that are important for me, would you describe it as a sharp pain or as a dull vague ache that you're having? Yeah, it's more of a dull ache that I feel in that side. Good. We get to the onset, that the onset is the same timing we want to do. We just want to add one question over here. So question number one. Now, where did it start? Let me tell you like a month ago. You are dealing with a patient who has a chronic episode of abdominal pain. Maybe I'll ask him the next question. Is it the first time that you're having this kind of pain? And it tells you like, yes, the first time I've never had such a thing before. During the last four weeks, is your pain all in or no, for is it constant? It tells you like, usually constant doctor. And is it getting worse? And he says like, yes or no? It's getting worse or no, it's staying the same. And tell me guys, there is one important thing that you have asked at this part because you're dealing with a chronic pain. What question do you add over here that we didn't want to ask in acute abdomens? Very important question about the, we are talking about the timing. So tell me, what are you concerned to know about the timing of this pain? I've already asked you if you've had previous episode, how long, if it's on and off, if it's constant, if it's worse. Do you have any pain at night? So have you ever had any pain at night that wakes you up at night? It is a special time of having the pain that all of you know, any pain, headache, chest pain, leg pain, abdominal pain that wakes you up at night, you get a little bit concerned. I'll squeeze it in over here. So you do see the differences now. We had a basic structure. Now we come into a special context, we're thinking a little bit differently. So, and about this pain in the last four weeks, has it ever working on you up at night? Have you ever had pain at night? Interfering with your sleep? Yes or no, as a red flag. Now we get to the radiation, tell me does your pain radiate anywhere? Yeah. Does your pain get better or worse with anything special? So have you noticed anything making your pain better? Or worse, the patient says like no doctor I haven't noticed anything making it better and nothing seems to make it worse, it's just saying the same. We've decided to ask two specific questions. So overall, would you say like food and eating makes it worse as any relation with the pain? And any position makes the pain better, makes the pain better or worse. Just to get on understanding, here says like no, in this case, no food, no position doesn't make much of a difference. Now, now that I'm dealing with a chronic pain, there's a second thing that becomes important for me that's one of you mentioned. It is very similar to if you've done the Moscow Scale 2 workshop, how is this pain affecting your life? So I'll say the second A in a chronic case is the impact on the lifestyle that you always are interested to know about it. So how is this pain affecting your life? How is this pain? Effecting your life. So I'm just giving you a few small things for chronic pain. So just to signify it, guys, this is new in your structure, this is new in your structure. We don't have too many chronic pain cases, just a few of them. Okay, so now I have a bit of understanding. First time, first episode of full week's pain in the left low quadrant, the pain is not that severe, there's no red facts to the pain. So let's proceed to our differentials. Now, obviously we're talking about abdominal pains. Everyone knows first group of your differentials as GI cases. Yeah. The way that we build the structure, the new way that I think it will work a little bit in your exam general GI questions. So there were six questions that you want to ask. Have you had any nausea or vomiting? No doctor. Okay, good. Have you noticed any bloating? No. Are you passing wind or gas? Yes, I am. So that's good. You get to the next question. Have you noticed any diarrhea lately? No, what about constipation? Yes. Now again, I think last week, 10 days ago, we had a meeting with AMC. They've become so fast and obsessed about you guys probing further. So they keep on repeating this. I am just come to our room. We give them positive finding. They just say go to the next question. We don't consider this as a good clinical reasoning because when we provide you with a positive finding, I have constipation. Do you want to know more about it? I might want to ask a few extra questions. So tell me how long have you had this constipation for, for example, how long have you had this constipation? So the patient will say like a very long time doctor. Yeah. And again, constipation is always a trouble for us because when you say constipation, our stuff is it difficult to pass things to us? Is it hard to do or what is the problem? Is it painful passing of your stools? If you want to ask one further question, so have you also experienced any difficult team passing your stools? Difficulty with passing your stools? Did you try to define this a little bit further? The patient says not nice, just hard. And sometimes hard and stony. That's why it's a little bit hard to push out, but I haven't had any difficulty passing my bowel motions. Okay, good, perfect. I'm a last general question fever. Have you noticed any fever? No, no, no, I'm okay. Good, perfect. So general GRI questions out of the way. Now, the most important second thing I need to do properly in this case is red flag. Red flags are more significant in this case, especially because of the chronic nature. So let's go through general cancer questions. All of you know it. It'll become a little bit boring. Have you lost any weight? No doctor? Have you lost any appetite? Nope. Okay, any lumps and bumps in your body? No. And again, if you want to ask any tiredness or dizziness, I'll take it as the same. Are you feeling tired? Are you feeling dizzy? Maybe an acute case, I'll go dizzy in a long chronic case. I'll go tired. But it is the specific key questions that you have to ask me. I put it in the chat box guys. What were the specific case questions that you asked me for, uh, red flags? Did you know what I'm talking about bowel cancer? Mm-hmm. Perfect. So I have six minutes for history taking. There's no rush. I'll ask each and every question that I can in this case. Let's do it together. So question number one, have you noticed any blood in your stool? That essentially I'm asking any fresh blood in your stool? What is the second question? Have you noticed any dark discoloration or dark stools? That means a little bit of our earlier, more proximal cannibal eating in your triatric. Now, overall, any recent changes in your bowel habits, so have you noticed any recent changes in your bowel habits? Yes or no? Any family's throughout cancers, especially bowel cancers, or any family's throughout bowel cancers. And now that we are in this case, in a six minute history taking case, I have a chronic pain, 50-year-old man, I'm thinking about, okay, cancer is very important in this case for me. What is the last question you want to ask this guy? About bowel cancers, specific. Yeah, so have you done your bowel cancer screening? So have you done your bowel cancer screening? You do know that people above the age of 50, we do send them FOB tickets to their post. They pick it up, they do it at home, post it back. I get the result as a GP, it's positive C, this patient, send the FOC onoscopy. Yeah, now that we're in this context, I definitely want to bring this up. Okay, good, so we have ruled that out and coming back to our GI differentials, we decided to put two questions in all of our structures. Any surgeries that you have had on your stomach overall? And tell me, overall, are you taking any medications? We'll get to the cases that you see something pops up over here and kind of makes a big difference for you. That's enough of GI. Let's go to the second group of differentials. I still want to ask you KUB questions. I still have a lot of urinary tract problems that can give you this kind of a pain. So let's go through the questions together. Question number one, any pain or burning or passing urine? Have you noticed any pain or burning sensation or passing urine disorder? Ascreen for frequency. In terms of frequency, are you passing urine more frequently? So are you passing urine more frequently? And the last question for me is always, have you noticed any blood in your urine? Makes a huge difference if I say yes. Yeah, that's enough. I believe these three questions kind of wrap up the KUB cluster. Yes, I want to say what about urgency? What about this? What about that? We want to keep it time efficient. We proceed to our genital or our pelvic differentials. I don't really care what you want to call the group's name, genital and pelvic. So what is the first most important differential that has to happen? In this group, all cases lower abdominal pain. You never forget it. AMC loves it. Hernia. We'll get to the hernia case today. Now in terms of hernia, have you noticed any swelling or lumps in your groin? And now this is the first case that we're dealing with a man, instead of a lady with lower abdominal pain. It is still important to ask him, so have you noticed any swelling or redness in your private parts? Or in your scrotum? So have you noticed any swelling? Have you noticed any redness in your private parts or your scrotum? And I'll also look for pain in the scrotum or pain in the private parts. Yeah. So these are the two things that I want to do pain in your private parts. These are enough. I know someone will say, what about other questions? That's enough. I'm just touching my differentials and moving on. So we did our GI, we did our KUB, we did our hernia. I don't think this is time consuming that much, even if you're a slow role player, you have managed to ask all of this. I have extra time. Let's go into other differentials. Let's see what are the important, I have an old man. The things I'll ask if he has any rashes on that, then. The famous case of shingles, as always. Have you had any injuries or traumas, the abdomen? Looking for any traumatic abdomen or pain to ask questions that I want to ask? Maybe I'll still keep mesentric ischemia and melis because it is an old AMC recall. We just don't know if it wants to appear again. So have you had any racing of your heart? Any funny racing of your heart for atrial fibrillation? I believe that is enough. The few differentials that we kind of ruled out together. And those of you who practice the structure, you wrap it up in five minutes. Now, let's end our structure nicely. So let's go into a sad month. So overall tell me, are you smoking or have you ever smoked? Are you drinking alcohol? Is there still significant an abdominal pain here using any drugs? I've already asked you medication. Do you have any allergies? And overall any past medical history that you have or any family history of any medical condition that I need to be aware of? So at the end of this history taking guys, you just write down for yourself. The key point of this case is not constipation. All of you look at the case, or I'll get the constipation. I know it's diverted to glad it's the key point of this case is that you have ruled out red flags before you make the diagnosis of diuretic lattice. Yeah, I got the constipation. I said diverted to glad it's I'm not gonna pass you. If you haven't, then you're all red flags. Let's come back over here. So we did our differentials together. These are your findings in this case. As I gave you throughout the history, yeah, I've had constipation for a long time. There's no red flag with it. So there's no blood in my stools. It's not really difficult to pass it. I haven't had a lot of weight, pays in pain is in the left lower quadrant and so on. Know what the red flags, know what the symptoms positive. At this point, you don't have a physical examination. So essentially what you need to do is based on your history taking findings. You have to choose a provisional diagnosis. Tell me, what is your most likely diagnosis in this case? Just asking the question for certain reason. Put your diagnosis for me in the chat box. Okay, guys, good. Yep, so I'm already seeing it. We wanna fight on is this diverted collitis? Or diverted collosis? Let's fight, which one is it? So just to define what is a diverted collitis? What is a diverted collosis? Diverted collosis is a patient who has diverted collos. Chronic constipation, you do a CT scan, he doesn't have pain, we see multiple diverted collos. There are multiple pouches in the large bowel. You call that patient, you have diverted collosis. Okay. Now patient comes here with pain. You examine him, it's tender. You tell him now that diverted collos that I know you had has changed into an inflammation of that diverted collos. The diagnosis of this case is not diverted collosis, it's diverted collitis that is inflammation, just that small confusion that we always drag. Oh, someone said diverted collosis. Means I have diverted collos, but doesn't mean I have inflammation and I have pain. So look, James, the correct condition to call it. The correct condition that you have is called diverted collitis. So you have a condition called diverted collitis. Now we have two things we wanna do. You have the reason it for me. You have to explain it simply. The explanation needs to happen simply, short and stupidly. Okay, hard thing to explain diverted collos, okay. I'll explain it like this. Look, a diverted collos. A diverted collos is a pouch or a pocket in the large bowels, the large bowels, wall. So what is a diverted collos? So you do have this pouch or this pocket in the large bowels wall. It is usually caused by constipation. So usually having long term constipation causes these pouches. And in your case, the pouch has become inflamed. The pouch has become inflamed. This is the most simple, straightforward stupid explanation that I give. Now someone asked me, should I pick up my pen and draw it? I'm not a big fan of drawing something because I'm not good at drawing myself. I don't think if I draw something, you know, make it clear. If you wanna draw it, draw it. Yeah, this is your large bowels. So you do have these like pouches and pockets that form in the large bowels wall. I think one of these are inflamed and we call this diverted collos. Now I still have the very important reasoning to do. The reasoning is the site of your pain. Usually this pain is very famously found in the left, lower side of the stomach. The fact that you've had constipation for a very long time, just confirms it. As I told you, this condition is caused by constipation, puts pressure on your bowels wall, causes these pouches and later on causes inflammation. What is your last third reasoning for this diagnosis? Do you tell me? I made sure to rule out red flags. With this pain that you have, I didn't find any concerning features of bleeding or possibly losing weight or other concerning features that will make me concerned of other conditions. That takes me to my differentials. Now at this point, you have one minute left, 50 seconds left. So I wanna do a good job. And this is how I'll do it. The concept that we picked up in the first session together is, if you tell me 50 GI differentials, I wouldn't be a happy examiner because it's all in the group of GI. If you tell me non-specific differentials, I was thinking about infections, I wouldn't be too happy. What do you mean by infection? Hepatitis, castorant triadies, shingles, what infection? So we want a long list. We want a specific list. Yeah, and we want to choose a good list. Now as I told you in the first class, we want to focus on this a little bit more. Now guys, all of you have a good list of differentials in your mind. I'll ask you guys to choose your full top best differentials for a 50 year old man, left lower quadrant pain that has to happen first in your list. Let's look at the checkbox together. So four, choose your first four for me. So good cancer, Radio stone, deep so I can pink as specific as possible, perfect. So let's start together. I was thinking about other conditions. So James, I was thinking about other conditions. The first most important is I was concerned about the possibility of bowel cancer because of your pain that is lasting for one month, but the good thing is you don't have any red likes. Tell me a few, you're not bleeding in your stools, you're not losing weight, you don't have any problems. So that's good. Now the second one that I'm thinking about usually drops off your list. In this patient you always want to be thinking about it that someone calls it chronic constipation, maybe I'll call it fickle impaction, especially if it comes as more of a acute problem. So the fact is that we do know that constipation itself and if it becomes severe and blocks the bowel, fickle impaction can cause pain. One of the differentials that is usually forgotten in this case. The third lovely GI differential that I never want to forget is hernias. So there is always a chance of having a hernias. So you can give a small explanation. This is just a sac in your groin. So this is just a lump and a second that forms in your groin. It's not so likely because you didn't tell me that you have any swelling or lumps in your groin. So easy job. Now when you get to number four, we'll drop off into our list of rest of our differential. Now think to myself, I wanted to give myself a good KUB differential. What differential will you give me? And our reason for them. KUB differential. I was thinking about urinary tract infections like cystitis. I was thinking about uretic colics having a stone in the tubes and you will get this close to your bladder. But I don't think these are likely because you don't have any urinary symptoms. You don't have any burning or passing urine or passing urine frequently. You don't have any blood. Now let's come down. Get to the last one. I was thinking about genital problems. Tell me a genital problem in this man that can cause pain in that area. 50 year old guy. Genital problem. Epidetamol chyrus. I was thinking about a possible infection in your testes and in the tubes that the pain can drag into your stomach. All of you know that. Again, it's just an infection in your testes. And the reason that I don't think you have this, we didn't have no. You didn't have any swelling or redness in the scrotum. Yeah. Now, now look at what I've done before I run out of time. I've said my red flag of touch different groups. Now at this point, let's go to all of you guys who are telling me other differentials. Give me other GI differentials. Yeah, it can be gastroenteritis. It can be IBD. It can be bowel obstruction. Tell me what else. What do you like? Yeah. Mesentrically schemia. Whatever you like to put in the balls. I don't really care. It can be other conditions like occasionally can be shingles. We talked about mesentrically schemia. You can't talk about other problems. I sometimes bladder cancers. Yeah. And you just populate your list and go down, touching on the other differentials that you will have on your list. But the idea that I want to do is if I want to pick up good ones from different groups, this is how I'll make my list of differentials. Now let's look at a candidate. Amir, I said bowel cancer, obstruction, gastroenteritis, infections. I said, I don't know, mesentrically schemia right out of time. As I examine the listening to that, I want to score the infection. I'll think to myself, all the differentials were in the GI groups. So we're not going to get that much of a point. I'll give you a free out of seven, maybe, four out of seven, maybe. So you want to touch different groups. And this is how I'll wrap up case number one. Now I know you might have questions. And someone is saying, volvalous. So just the, let me see, it's a far off, is asking, can I say, volvalous instead of fecal infection? So volvalous is twisting of the bowel, so it's not fecal infection. Fecal infection is just infection, blocking the bowel. Volvalous, as you know, is a twisting that gives you the coffee bean signs of two separate things. And I added over here, volvalous or any other differential that's totally fine with me. Let's go back over here. So this case was a very well-known case in AMC. Let's have a quick review of diverticalitis. I'll just add two things for this case, because this year of notice AMC is asking a little bit of more management. Regarding accedivitis, as we discussed, left-low side of the abdomen is usually always associated with constipation. Moved our puts down that, yeah, the pain gets worse with walking and change of position. We don't get that in the exam. But this is his famous, like, diagnostic formulations. And if you have pain in the left-low side, there's fever, there's constipation. Usually you want to end up with the conclusion of accedivitis. The signs on physical examination, your oil-fine tenderness may be guarding, may be rigidity, may be fever. You might find a mass if you get close to the abscess formation. And you are very concerned about complications, complications of perforation of that divertical that is inflamed, forming your abscess and peritoneitis. Now guys, what is your, if you want to tell me, investigation for diverticalitis, one investigation top of it is what is that? One investigation for diverticalitis. That's right, down on your notes. The best investigation will be a CT scan. So if I need to confirm a diverticalitis in someone, I'll do a CT scan as one thing. Obviously, in acute case, in upcomplicator case, you're in the ED, I'm doing blots, but mainly investigation to confirm your diagnosis is CT scan, abdivinus CT scan. And what is the management of our non-complicated, simple diverticalitis? I'm a GP, I get that the diverticalitis in my patient, typical, typical. She's at 10 times, she gets every three months. Now I just jump into, have a quick review of the management. Again, AMC has not asked this, but just in case they bring it up, as we discuss CT, abdomen is your most preferred investigation that you want to do just to confirm your diagnosis. If the patient has a complicated version in the ED, yes, RCRP, UEC and all the blots. Now in terms of an uncomplicated diverticalitis, they're pretty carbon, makes it very clear for me as a GP, tells me that you don't need to refer all your diverticalitis patients to the ED, because in that simple, non-complicated one, what do we want to do for that patient? So if you have an uncomplicated one, which means you don't have perforation, the abdominal examination is not that bad. You don't have generalized perforationitis. You don't have sepsis features, the vitals are stable to patients with a lot of doing well. You don't feel a mass, and even a large mass, for that patient, what you want to do is, preferably start them on antibiotics yourself or antibiotics in them home. And again, AMC is a slim plus clavicle, and the brand name that's easier to say is augmented in Australia, we just call it augmented. It's your famous co-armix, a clav that we do back home. So anyway, therapeutic garden still tells you antibiotic therapy is appropriate for these patients. If you have immunocompromised, you definitely do it. The diverticalitis is funny enough can happen on the right side. If you have a right-sided diverticalitis, the usually comes out of your CT scan, please do it. And if you have a failure to improve after 72 hours of conservatist treatment, you definitely want to do it. Which means maybe in a very mild diverticalitis, you know, immunocompetent patient might decide not to do antibiotics and wait for three days, but if it doesn't get better by three days, you give it to them. Most of the time the patient comes here after a couple of days. This patient was here after four weeks and it's not getting better. Yeah, I'll give the patient augmented. Now, the other things that you can do for the patient is analgesia, simple analgesics, painkillers. You want to ask the mild version, clear liquid soft diet. So your liquid's good hydration, but preferably soft diet, funny enough in that acute phase other one fiber. So don't get too excited. So you have constipation start putting in fiber, not in that acute phase. You do antibiotics again between five to 10 days and the most important thing that you do is red fikes for the patient. If you go home, the pain gets worse. It's not getting better or you start getting drowsy, dizzy fever, go to the emergency department for me. At that point, we might be having a problem. We want to look into it. If the patient goes to the emergency department, obviously it's a most severe case or the complicated version. You start them on strong antibiotics. You just shove antibiotics IV. And there is one last point that may be nice to know. Usually in complicated diabeticalitis, the ones that are quite strange and severe after the situation is better, you admit them and do whatever you need to do. We always consider this. That is interesting. You want to screen for called rectal cancers. It ran a few weeks after the resolution for all of your complicated diabeticalitis. So if I want to just come back over here, if I want to just memorize a quick sheet for AMC, talking about the non-complicated, uncomplicated one or the simple diabeticalitis, we'll give you painkillers. Just maybe simple pyrocytomal will do the job. I want you to start taking plenty of fluids and a soft diet. The next thing I'll do is I'll give you antibiotics augmenting. You don't need to know that those BD5 to 10 days, depending on how you go, before I send you home, the most important thing is red facts. Red facts. And for in terms of red facts, pain getting worse, pain getting worse, you start getting feverish, you start getting dizzy, please go to emergency department. And the last thing, just for the purpose of confirmation, anywhere I'll send you for CT scan if you haven't done it before, just to confirm the fact that we have diabeticalosis and in the future, if you come back with the same pain, I know and I've confirmed diabeticalitis at least once for you. This will be a quick management plan for this patient. Now let's go to case number two. Same case comes out two years ago. Same to them. You look at it, oh yes, got the diabeticalitis case. Half of the people fail it because they go into the case, they lay out their history. You're predominantly the suspension area, still history taking. Let's maybe practice this together, we have time. So I've already done that for you. We wouldn't review the history taking anymore guys, but please, the brainstorming that you're doing. Right down your four steps of your history taking for me, so four major boxes that you have in the chat box, if you like, if you're on your computer. And in box number three, that is your differential. Just right down the major groups of differentials that come to your mind, I want to do this first, this is that first. Nancy, the stem is the same. So 50 year old man, left low, quarter, and abdominal pain, one month, same stem, nothing different. So we're just doing a second version of the case. So let's map our history taking in our mind. I'll just put the stem back on the screen. Do exactly. So when I look at it outside, this is what I think to myself, and two minutes is more than time I'll go in, I know my intra-practice it so many times, this is how I'm going to open my case, I'm definitely going to respond to the patient's concern. It is a pain case, I need to do the pain properly. Now the only thing that now you know is pain for one month, I want to signify two things for me. I wouldn't forget to ask pain at night. I wouldn't forget to ask the impact because this is a chronic abdominal pain, not exactly acute abdomen. After I've done my pain, I have the GI general question, GI red fight questions, and other two questions, I have KUB questions, I have genital A and pelvic examinative, pelvic areas, hernias, and also epidemocitis. If I get time, I'll do other differentials, maybe rashes for shingles, traumas, and other stuff, mesentric ischemia, I'll go to my good closure. You went into the exam, these are your findings. Now yeah, I still have the conservation for a long time, doctor. So are you losing weight? Yes, I am. Now let's go back to our structure, see what happens over here. We are in our history taking. You went in open ended is the same, you respond to it the same, you start your pain, everything is the same. You get to your general question, constipation, positive, the same. How long you've had difficulty passing? Now, it's been a long time. Red fights, are you losing weight? Yes, I am. Now we made a rule together the other day, if I give you any positive, you don't let me go, you gave me a positive talk, talk more. What do you want to ask me? So tell me, how many kilos have you lost? So one kilo is also weight loss, maybe not that significant if you tell me 10 kilos. Over what period of time? Over what period of time? So I've lost five kilos, doctor, so over what period of time did you lose five kilos in the last two months? Okay. And the last question, I just want to check, it was the weight loss intentional. So obviously if I'm dieting and I've started the gym, obviously I'm losing weight. Yeah. But no, it's not been intentional. Okay. You've lost a significant amount of weight over two months, very significant and it's not intentional. Let's get the specific questions. Do you have any blood in your stools? Yes, I do. Okay. Change of bowel habits, no. Any family's rig, no, have you done your screening? No, I've got it imposed, I haven't done it yet. The rest of your history is fine. You know, to be honest, what have happened in the rest of the history? I don't care. Now with these findings, choose a provisional diagnosis for me, guys. Um, bowel cancer. Good. Exactly. Your top diagnosis. So everyone agrees top diagnosis is bowel cancer, but we are having a problem together for the first time. How can I tell the patient that you have bowel cancer? Should I just tell her, like look most likely, I have a condition called bowel cancer. Yeah. A cancer in your bowel. And the patient will definitely freak out at that point. And we have a little problem. How do you want to lay it out? How should I explain the possibility of a cancer and we can't happen in any of your cases? You want to kind of be a little bit sensitive. So the only thing that I want you to keep in mind in these kind of explanations is being sensitive. You don't want to be scared. So if you think about why did our old course providers bring up the stupid statement of a nasty growth that got so common that the MC has put it in the tips of examining it, don't come in the exam and tell me I'm thinking you have a nasty growth. I did it. I did it in my exam back in 2017. I told the patient you have a nasty growth. He said, what do you mean by a nasty growth? I said, like, you know, the bad growth. He said like which bad growth? I said like the bad one that, you know, on control growth. And he said, like, I don't know what that is. Said like cancer. Oh, yeah, cancer. I know what cancer's all. And I said, oh, so you didn't go that bad. So you want to keep it sensitive. You don't want to be scared. You have to give the information to your patient that this is my top diagnosis. I'll do it like this. I'll do it sensitively. Look Gary, during our discussion, look during our discussion, I was considering, I was considering a number of conditions. So during our discussion on our history taking, I was considering thinking about a number of conditions now. I am concerned, I am concerned about the possibility. This is my style of doing it. I find this is the nicer way, nicest way. I'm concerned about the possibility of a bowel cancer in your case. All your role players nowadays understand what cancers are they don't place to be. What is a cancer? You know what cancer is? So I'm concerned about the possibility of a bowel cancer in your case, but I have good reasons for that. Now the reasons that I have is you are having chronic abdominal pain. So you've had your abdominal pain for quite a few weeks. You are losing a significant amount of weight that is unintentional. So losing five kilos in two months is normal. And the next thing is you are also bleeding and you have blood in your cells. This is definitely normal. I wouldn't be surprised if anyone comes and tells me I'll lay it out of proper structure. The patient also told me I have pain at night. It's always funny. So just a heads up guys. In the exam you always get more findings if you do a proper job. Again, part of it is you get the findings, but when you want to recall it for your friends, you write down five words. Yeah. You assume that they already know it. So the reasons that I'm worrying about this is this. And I was thinking about other conditions too. So you can still be other conditions. Top of my list is diverticalitis. So any inflammation in your bowels. I don't think this is happening at this point because there's a high probability of bowel cancer. It's constipation itself or if the stool's blocked the bowel, can cause pain. And hernias are very important for me. These are sex in your groin, but I don't think you have that because you don't have any groin as swelling in your groin. I was thinking about urinary conditions like urinary tract infections or stones in the tubes, uretric, colic. You don't have any burning on passing urine. You don't have any blood in your urine. And I'll just push it down to the other differentials. I was thinking about epitomealitis problems in your private parts. You didn't have any swelling at redness. I was thinking about a number of other conditions like bowel obstruction, vulva, lusk, gastroenteritis, this, that, shingles, whatever you want to add to the end of your list. Choose your good differentials. As long as the good differentials are explained nicely, I think the rest will be fine. But let's make it more interesting. I was looking into 20-25 cases. I saw this case. That unfortunately has been recalled as diverticalitis. Let's look at it. Look at it together. I'm sure you've seen the strategic preparation videos and I've talked about the cognitive biases that they trained their examiners. There was a cognitive bias called the diagnostic momentum. The diagnostic momentum is the tendency to adhere to the previous diagnostic label, despite evidence of the contrary. Let's go into the case. Now, 20-25, this case comes out. Label does diverticalitis. You have one word in your recalls. Okay, so diverticalitis. Okay. Take a history. You will be given a prompt time at four minutes. We want you to take a physical examination from the examiner after your prompt time, expand your diagnosis and your differentials. We're going to do it in a few layers before we get to the diagnosis together. Now in terms of history taking, when I look at this stem, in the stem, I don't have any information. I don't know duration. I don't know the site. I don't know where this case is going. So we'll jump into our case with almost the same structure. The first thing is the moment that you asked me the site of the pain in this case, I'll tell you a left-low quadrant. The moment you get that, your structure is going to be the same. But these are the findings that has been recalled that I think it's not complete. So when I started, where's the pain? In the left-low start of my stomach. What's the intensity? It's intensity five out of ten. How long have you had it for? Number of days, weeks. It doesn't make much of a difference. Now it's funny that people recall, I asked this guy like, do you have constipation? No. Hmm. Are you sure like no heart stools? No heart stools, doctor. Like no problems with the bowel motions, no problems with the bowel motions. Are you sure? So nothing hard, nothing difficult to pass. No. So you're pushing to get the answer that you want. The only thing is you're not getting it. My bowel motions are totally normal. Now I don't have any red flags, so there's no loss of weight, there's no blood in the shoes. Have you done any surgeries? Yeah, I removed my appendix ten years ago. Yeah, so I removed the ten years ago. Good. There's no KUB nothing and going into the genital nothing. I assume the person who's recalled this for me has missed the finding over here that I'll come back to it later on. Now with these findings, is it suggestive of diureticalitis? Hmm. Well, except this point doesn't look like diureticalitis yet. Yeah. Anyway, I have a pp. What we want to do in this case is we're going to practice the physical examination from examiner together. I was thinking if anyone wants to volunteer to ask it from me, I'll be an examiner or 80 or 80 or old examiner in your exam center. Does anyone want to volunteer? You're asking me a pp before we review it? And I'll tie me. I know it's a little bit scary, but if you just put it in chat box, if not, I'll just discuss it. Oh wait, for another five seconds. That's okay. So that's okay. I know. I'm going to do a three. With the pp, let's have a review on our structure. I want you to brainstorm this with yourself guys. I've already told you 50-year-old man left low-colder in pain. Let's say for three weeks. Yeah. Oh, sorry. Not for three weeks. Well, let's say for three days. I want you to, preferably write it down. Grab a piece of scrap paper, write down the steps exactly specifically what you want to ask the examiner. This step, I asked this. This step, I asked that. Let's just review our structure before I give you the findings. Write it down for yourself. Brain stool. And here all, yes, definitely good differential, so IBD for that case is a good differential. We'll do a IBD case in the next few cases. So guys, let's start doing this. So at this point, you face your examiner, okay, let's go for examination. On general appearance, what do I have? The examiner tells you what you want to know. Is he a little drowsy? The exam feels you, as you can see. Okay. So he's a little. The hydration features, not the hydrated, any palar, no. Okay. Let's go to viral signs. I want to viral signs. Tell me to blood pressure, tell me pulse rate, respiratory rate, tell me temperature. I usually have the habit of asking these four. You have to understand which one is the most important for you. That was a temperature, maybe. Maybe compared to the other ones. All of them are important anyway. I jump to my optimal examination. So let's go step by step. On inspection, what do I have? What are you looking for? So let's make it specific. Is the abdomen moving symmetrically refresh? Yes, it is. Okay. Do I have any coolant sign or gray tone sign? Nope. Yeah. I'll put out today's examiner over here. Volunteers information. You do have the scar of the appendectomy. To be honest, not a big fuss. I already know you've done appendectomy. Now, examiner, on superficial and deep palpation. Do I have any tenderness? Yes, you do. You have tenderness on the left lower quadrant or the left iliac fosa. Same thing. Okay, good. You guys tell me, what are the further questions you want to ask him? What are the key points? Because everyone finds the tenderness. The key points for me is examiner, any rigidity, any guarding, any rebound. To be honest, the positive or negative of any of these wouldn't make much of a difference for me. You have a localized parotonitis. Yeah, there is guarding, there is rebound. Yes or no, I don't really care. The second thing is you did see in the diverticalitis management, masses. Do I feel any masses? Perhaps this is, yeah. Now, I would like to check tenderness on percussion. So do I have any pain, tenderness on percussion? He says no. I would like to do osculation. This is when it drops the bump. Bowsounds are absent. Oh, okay. Maybe as a structure, I still want to do the growing normal. I want to do the rectal exam. Pels you empty rectum. And just to complete my structures, the lower abdominal pain. So in a man, everything is hanging outside. So I just want to do a score to examination. Tell me on inspection, do I have any swelling or redness? No. I want to pulpit the testes. Do I have any tenderness or masses? No. Good. To make a structure nice, tell me a quick office. Does it feel weird? It's sick. No. So to summarize the new case of your 2025, yeah, you have a score. I don't really care if I get it or don't. I know you've done a surgery, absent bowel sounds, empty rectum. Now, what do you think the fun thing about this is, everyone has still made the diagnosis of the diverticalitis. You just have to think to yourself, how do you still make the, why did you make it that, why do you have, why have you recalled diverticalitis? Because is this diverticalitis guys? What is your diagnosis? Now, I'll tell you what everyone is saying out of 2025 exams, especially people who passed, Emmy, we got the same case that we had discussed with different findings inside the station. The station was the same, the structure was the same, the diagnosis was different. Now, you've memorized the structure, you're making a good logical decision. What you do is, at the appropriate time, you make a appropriate decision of what is my diagnosis. Good luck to the person who's memorized the recalls. He gets everything that is against diverticalitis, but funny enough, he still makes the diagnosis. That comes in the telegram group guys, diverticalitis. I'll send you the date later, I'll go check the recalls. So let's go on right down our diagnosis. Okay, diagnosis is bowel obstruction because of adhesions, yes. So you tell the patient that look, you are having a condition, you are having a condition called. I know this will kind of create a lot of problems later on, but small bowel obstruction. I don't care if you wanna just call it bowel obstruction, still the same thing. Adhesions famously causes small bowel obstruction versus large, you can still be large bowel too, but small bowel obstruction is a little bit well known and more famous. So you have a condition called bowel obstruction or small bowel obstruction. Now I need a simple explanation, let's do it together. In this condition, your bowel or your small bowel is blocked, simple explanation. You're blocked, it is blocked by some bands or scar tissue, scar tissue, that form after the surgery, after surgery that you had. So look Jimmy, you have a condition called a small bowel obstruction. It means that your small bowel is blocked. It is blocked by some bands and scars that usually form after doing a surgery on your stomach because you told me you've done appendectomy and removed your appendix 10 years ago. What are the reasons that are making this diagnosis? The reasons are number one. I can see you have a pain, so you have an abdominal pain. This is the thing that I think people have forgotten to ask in this case because maybe there were a little bit too fast about occupied with the fact that it is diureticalitis. Do you have any nausea and vomiting? No. Are you bloated? Yes or no? Are you passing wind? I expect this question to be like no in the last few days, I'm not passing wind. And in terms of diarrhea, constipation, I don't have constipation. Yeah. Now, this is what I'll, if I'm at that point thinking about a patient who is not passing wind, when I ask him like, do you have any constipation and he says no constipation? So bowel motions, my bowel motions are normal, not constipated, not diarrhea. I'll ask him the question, when was your last bowel motion? When was the last time you passed your bowel motion? You're telling me you're not passing gas. So when was the last time you opened your bowel? Three four days ago. I think this is what has been missed. So Gabriel, we did a diari and there was a empty rectum. So if I go back to our physical examination, diari, you got to find a good empty rectum that kind of confirms your diagnosis. So if you find any constipation, that means you're not passing gas or possibly not opening the bowel, I'll still add it as a reason. I believe it has definitely been positive. It's a little bit fine if I don't design the case. When I saw the record, I was thinking to myself, the roleplay is most likely instructed, not to provide that information until it's specifically asked. If they ask about constipation, you don't have constipation. You don't have hard stools. But if they ask you, when was the last opening? It has been a few days ago. This is what comes to mind, and I will do that if I'm designing case for you guys, knowing about how you ask questions from me. But the last reasons are the physical examination. Now, I didn't hear any bowel sounds today. I didn't hear any bowel sounds. I know you have a surgery. You told me about the surgery when I saw the scar. So overall, this confirms my diagnosis for you. And you're having a bowel obstruction. Now, in terms of differentials, my thinking is, this is another left-low quarter-napped abdominal pain. So what do I have? Maybe number two for me is still, as always, bowel cancer. So I'm always concerned about, again, the possibility of a bowel cancer causing pain and problems. So that is something you didn't lose weight if you're not blood in your stools. Coming down, diuretocolitis, fecal impaction or constipation. Hernias is very important for me. Number five, I'll put down like gender unary, so maybe if you did a more chyritus. Now, at this point, guys, I'm totally fine with you going with any other GI condition. Other conditions in your bowel is like infections in your bowel, gastroenteritis, inflammation in your bowel, inflammatory colitis, IBD, ischemic colitis that is mesentric, ischemia, whatever other thing you want to add of your vulvalists, more than happy. I was thinking about other KUB conditions, possibly a unantractic infection, renal colic, uetric colic, bladder cancer. I was thinking about shingles and what about the differential you want to add at the bottom of your list. So you have a good list of differentials, but you just want to kind of lay it out, preferably choose your more important ones. Maybe I'll get a KUB up over here too, just to mention. So this wraps up our pack of left floor, cord and abdomen will pay in cases.