new area of cases and have a chat about this one. We've already done lower abdominal pains. We did central and generalizing one group of cases together. Now I want to get to our famous upper abdominal pain case. I want to do a different version of it. I'll start with the most common case of 2020-25. So if you ask me what is the most common case of acute abdomen in 2025, is this case? It does have different versions. I'm not too fast about the version and the task if it comes as a history, if you diagnose it, differential, history, diagnosis, differential, old task of investigation, we want to build a destruction on the standing around it. You have a 25-year-old man who presents to the emergency department complaining of upper abdomen pain. So first thing we know is it's upper. You have the vitals in the stem. If I have the vitals in the stem, I'm not going to go in and ask it. We're not going to ask him a dynamic stability. You have a dispersion look stable. I'm going to take it. Thank you. No, say it will be in this one. Before we start doing our history taking together, you just have to tell me one thing and you already know. Tell me the groups of differentials that you want to rule out in this case. I can answer that question. It'll be kind of easy. Still GI as always. But maybe in terms of GI, you have general and red flags, but what specific upper GI? Yeah, so look at it like this guy. So let's look at the upper abdomen of your coastal margins. You have the left upper, right upper, a big gastric and you have above it. So over here you have the liver and the gallbladder. Over here you have Mr. Pancreas. On the left side we'll put down gastrozophazure, reflux and peplicols to disease together. On the top we'll put down the heart and the lung, which is called pneumonia. These are the groups of differential that comes to my mind. Upper abdominal pain, I want to rule out the entire back. Yeah, the entire back. I don't care if it's middle, left or right. I'll do the upper abdomen completely. This is my type of thinking. Let's just jump into the case and have a chat about it. Now guys, in this case, this is one of the most famous cases of nonverbal cues and you totally miss it. Number one, everyone recalls. When I went to this case, the guy was holding a vomit back. He was holding a plastic. What does that mean? Do you have nausea? Yeah. Have you vomited? Hell yeah. The second thing that everyone, some people recall, some people don't even see it. I mean, the guy was sitting leaning forward in a stupor shirt. While I was taking six minutes of history, his head was in the plastic and he was just stuping forward, leaning forward and talking to me. What does that tell you? I'm more comfortable in a position of leaning forward. When you see that patient, when I see that, upper abdominal pain, this looks like, pancreatitis. Now many people miss that. We'll get to a few cases of 20-25. We'll talk about it. I'll point that out to you. I mean, the guy was stupor vomiting back. I don't know what my diagnosis was. So let's start making a structure together and have a chat about what we want to do in this case together. Okay, history taking. I have a framework that I want to apply. My intro is the same and I'm not doing hemodynamic stability in this one because I had vital signs. Go in, introduce yourself. My name is Amir. How can I help you? No, I'm not going to the question. The patient was going to complain, distress, upset, worry. I'm going to be a little bit nice, respond to whatever way he responds it. And we are doing all skis. And so we want to be a little bit dramatic. I always make the joke later on when we role play. I tell you like, yeah, I'm very worried about it. Yours is like, yeah, don't worry about it. I'll ask you a few questions. So let's go to the next question. Maybe a little bit in your voice, a little bit in your body language. It's always nice because the purpose of that addressing concern is not saying the words. It's addressing my concern. And again, making it a little bit nice in communication skills. Oh, again, the tone of your voice. I get a little bit annoyed when people say, yeah, I know you're concerned. I'll just ask you a few questions that will move on. Yeah, do you have any fever? So at least maybe a little bit will make it nice. You've done that. You get to the pain. So let's start from the pain. The sicker will have a few things over here. You ask the patient, where's the site of the pain? Usually this case is famous. They always point to it. Tell you like it's here doctor. Yeah, they always point to it. Okay. So it's in the epigastric area. So all you'll be cause of people, the people record as epigastric area of the patient points very clearly. Tell me the intensity of the pain. One is your least pain. 10 is your worst pain. How bad is your pain? Whatever. Tell me the quality of the pain. I'll ask if it's sharp or dull or a vague ache. I don't really care what he answers. Sharp or dull. Yeah. Good. I'll look at the onset and the timing. So tell me question number one. When did this start? Is it the first time you're having such a pain? Especially in the upper abdominal pain guys. I'll ask this question because now that we can start thinking about okay, gallbladder problems, you know, gallbladder problems, they will suddenly go into call the cystitis, but they've had billiard colics for a long time. Yeah. Is your pain on and off? Is your pain constant? Nothing weird. Now, important question. Does your pain radiate anywhere? Yes, it does. Almost all of your upper abdominal pains radiate somewhere. Most of the cases radiate to my back doctor. I heard in the 2025 case, he also tells you in my back and also my chest. When I heard that I was smiling, okay, now don't rule out ACS and pneumonia, you'll have a big problem. They're just pushing you to the frontials of Silvia. Okay, tell me what makes it better, what makes it worse? It's interesting. This patient says, I don't know, nothing seems to help, nothing makes it better. We asked the patient two questions. Question number one, is there any position that makes this better? There will be a little answer to this question, but if you want to ask a little bit more specific, does it get better when you lean forward? Because I can see you're leaning forward. Yes, doctor, it's better when I lean forward. I feel the pain is better. It's worse when I lie down. Okay, and is it related to eating? Is it related to eating or food? Let's say the answer is no now, no, no doctor, not related to that. I'll show you the new version anyway. Okay, good. So by the end of this Sikora, what is your diagnosis? You're already new in any way, pancreatitis. By the end of this Sikora, your diagnosis is pancreatitis. Now, what changes do I want to apply to my differentials? The way that I want to apply the changes over here, I'll still start with my GI general questions. My red flag cancer questions are still important. I'll ask them and I'll tell you why. But now that I'm thinking about pancreatitis so much, I open a door to a new group pancreatitis. We'll talk about what you want to ask in a second. Once I've done pancreatitis, the next group that I want to do is live in gold blotter. On the right hand side, pancreas and live a sticking together. They always affect each other. I will do a group of pepicolysis and gastroesophageal reflex disease, and I will look up ACS and pneumonia. This is my plan that I want to apply to this case. This is how I quickly change it. To me, it's the same structure with the introduction of this. Now, before we even go through the case, you guys tell me what do you want to ask me? What question do you want to ask me for pancreatitis? Yep, yep, good. The rest of you. Now guys, look, this case is interesting. If you go back to the old versions of this case in 2018, you asked the patient, do you drink alcohol? Yes, I've drank like five or six glasses last night. You go into 2019, you asked the patient, do you drink alcohol? Rarely, sometimes. Some people hear that sometimes, okay, sometimes, so it doesn't drink alcohol. You asked the same patient who sometimes drink, have you had heavy drinking, binge drinking recently? Oh, yes, sometimes last night. Yeah, but as much as you know, this case is always going to give you alcohol. My question is, what else rather than alcohol? I'm finding it often in 2025. It's positive because you asked the question. Let's go for it together. Past history of alcoholism is important for you. Goldstones and goldbatter problems has to be ruled out because they'll link together. Anyway, we're ruling out the liver and goldbatter problems. Infections can cause pancreatitis. All of you know, hypercholestrolemio, if you want to be more specific, hypertygie can cause pancreatitis. Some medications can cause pancreatitis. We'll look at a 2025 version later on. So you can see it's more than one and we're going to list it together. What are the features of pancreatitis? You have a severe, constant, deep, epicastric pain. You usually radius it a back. You usually get better by leaning forward and gives you a very severe nausea and vomiting. That doesn't stop. I'm sweating and weakness. Another unspecific features. You will have tenderness there. There might be a notepic or any other rebound. Whatever bowel sounds, maybe abs and distinctions, maybe the septic features may be there. So nothing very specific is just the regular findings you get in accurate abdomen. How do you make your diagnosis the most sensitive and specific investigation you have is liqueuse before amulets? Then you want to do the full pack of lots for pancreatitis patients. VVGs, AVGs, glucose, calcium, CRP, LFTs and so on. And if you want to do a scan, you do a scan. Whatever scan you want to do. If you want to write down something, you write down this for me. What are the pancreatitis main? It's the whole issue that you have to kind of remember. Gostones is one important thing. When you have pancreatitis sticking to the gallbladder. So it's sticking together. Alcohol, everyone knows it, but hypertyges one year want to remember medications is one that you want to keep on your mind. We'll talk about a few famous medications. Any obstruction of that duct that comes out of the liver sticks to the duct of your pancreas, goes to the bowel. That what is the best blocking factor? Cancer. So to the person of things like the woman has bowel cancers in this case. It's not about bowel cancers. Cancer questions that you're ruling out. And at the end of the day infections will last fever anyway. So this is what I want to do and we'll get to the investigations. We'll write it down in a minute together. Let's go write down a structure. Come back and I'll show you the findings of both old exams and new exams. So in terms of history taking, we'll quickly go through the intro. I wouldn't write it down anymore. You know it. In your mind, this quickly comes up. I think we wrote that down. Yeah, we did the Ciccora. We got here. We got to the differential. I was forgot about it. Also, my differentials with general GI questions. Now do you have nausea? Yes. Vomiting. Yes. When I tell you like, yeah, Dr. Vomiting, maybe I'll probe this further. Probe it for me. Maybe how many times you've vomited? 10, 5, 3, 4. I want to ask you one important question. You have a patient that is vomiting nonstop before pancreatitis is green. Yeah. Tell me the color of your vomiting is it green or not? You're looking for obstruction. We'll still go bloating. We'll still go passing wind. We'll do diarrhea. We'll do constipation. Our structure does fever over here. You can label it as infections happen in rule that. Everyone asks for a lot symptoms. They ask that, okay. You come to your red-fired questions. I'll still stick to my structure. Now, questions that I want to ask you are, have you recently been losing weight, changes in your appetite, lumps and bumps, tiredness, this inness that you're experiencing? Have you noticed any blood in your stools? Yeah. Any changes in your bile habits? Any family's or cancer? Nothing weird up to now. Now, at this point, I'll open the Vultipankrothitis. There is the only additional component to this case. Also, there are questions like this. Do you drink alcohol? If the answer is never, that's not the question, but the answer is not never. The new answer is sometimes. Rarely, occasionally. Okay, so you're not a heavy, regular drinker, but the question is any recent episodes of heavy drinking, binge drinking? I like to go a little bit more simple heavy drinking. Oh, yeah. Now that you say that, Dr. Last night, last night I was drinking. I will probe further how much? Yeah, you know, I took like, I don't know, five, six shots and, okay, five, six shots of whiskey, tequila, whatever. Okay, that's too much. Yeah. Now, let's go to the next one. You do have traumatic versions of Pankrothitis. Any recent trauma injuries? Your stomach? I will go down. Do you have any history of high fats in your blood? I remember the first time I brought this instruction. I was like, should I ask it? 2025? Yeah, I remember one doctor told me my fats are high in my blood. Yeah. Moving forward, any medication you're taking? Any medication you're taking? As a reminder, I'll have ruled out cancers. If you haven't, you do. I have ruled out infections. If you haven't asked fever, you do. So not to ask it twice, but if you haven't forgotten or whatever, you remember cancers and infections. At this point, I'll come back to my structure. Have you had any surgeries? And I've already asked you medication. Ooh, I was about to forget medication. It's the early instruction. Okay, good. GI out of the way. Let's come to the very important liver and the gold ladder. And we'll do it a little bit nice in this case. So we are a gastric pain. Liver questions. All of you know, the questions I don't want to ask. Have you noticed any yellowish discoloration of your skin? Have you noticed a dark urine slash and or paid stools? If I want to ask one last question, have you had any travel? We're going to do it to travel cases in a minute. Maybe next class, you'll see the travel cases. And once you get to the gold ladder, I will still signify this question and ask it again. Any previous episodes or pain after large meals? So do you recall any previous episodes of pain, especially in the right episode of your stomach after either large fatty meal? That's the best question that I can ask. We did the right side. Let's come to the left side. Peptigo, so disease and gastro-sophageal reflux disease. For gastro-sophageal reflux disease, your screening question is heartburn. If you want one simple question, heartburn. Heartburn is a very unspecific question, just means a burning sensation. If you're going to ask a more specific question, you have options. One option is, have you noticed any acidic, bitter, bad taste in your mouth? So usually people who have gastro-sophageal reflux tell you, I feel the taste of metallic taste, bitter taste, blood taste in my throat. The second one that is the other feature that you have in the handbook is a famous water brush. You will get gastro-sophageal reflux people coming and telling you, I don't know, I'm working. I mean, the meeting suddenly I have a lot of saliva in my mouth. And I'm not hungry. Nothing is happening. That's sudden saliva production is called water brushes. Just triggering of that acid in your as a figure, so wherever it could cause a celebration, the question that you can ask is whichever one you feel more comfortable. I'd like to ask it like this, have you noticed any sudden increase of saliva in your mouth? So you have noticed a sudden increase of saliva in your mouth? Yes or no? And when you get to peptic ulcer disease, maybe I'll ask risk factors. I've already asked the association to food and eating, so I'm not going to ask it again. Risk factors for both reflux and peptic ulcer disease. We've done alcohol, we've done medications, what is left? caffeine, so tell me coffee, tea, maybe spices, spicy food and stuff. That's all. That's where I stop it. That's enough. Did medication once or twice? Did alcohol in detail in this case, that's enough for me? Before I run out of time, I want to ask my last two questions, low-low pneumonia and ACS. Are you experiencing any chest pain? Any shortness of breath? Any cough? That's all done. Chest pain, shortness of breath and cough. We are done with history taking. We're doing the version number one that doesn't have any physical examination from examiner, but let's just quickly look at findings together. I'll show you old exam findings and new exam findings. This is old exam findings. So, yeah, Dr. Bigast's Rick Payne better on leaning forward, was also lying down or vomited a number of times. I have nausea. I don't drink alcohol that often, but I had a binge drinking episode last night. Yeah, I don't drink that regularly, but last night was a party. You go in 2025. This is from a candidate who passes, so, and I know she's six-year-old structure. She sends me this. I mean, Epicastric pain, quality was stabbing, radiating to the back. When I asked hypercholestualal, me, he said, like, yes, someone told me a long time ago that my, I had a high fat in my blood. The patient was drinking alcohol. Again, when I asked him, he said, like, not that regular, but when I asked him, like, binge drinking, he had last night. And I got it. There's one other version that we'll talk about in a minute. With these findings, guys, your diagnosis very clearly. What is your diagnosis? Yeah, it is pancreatitis, so let's quickly explain it to the patient. So, Jenny, Jimmy, you have a condition called pancreatitis or acute pancreatitis. I'll be honest, doesn't make much of a difference for me. I cure pancreatitis. Now, how do I explain pancreatitis in simple, stupid words? The pancreas is an organ in your upper stomach, in your upper stomach that helps digest food. I don't care how. So, you have this organ on the upper part of your stomach in the middle, we call the pancreas. It just helps digest food. In your case, the pancreas is inflamed. And you can't tell me the reason over here because of due to your heavy drinking last night. Due to your heavy drinking last night. Now, the reasons that I've made this diagnosis are, number one, the side of the pain. So, when you showed me the area in the middle, this is where you have your pancreas, the characteristics of the pain, the radiation, the pain is going towards your back, better on leaning forward. I can't see you have a very severe nausea and vomiting. And you have risk factors of pancreatitis. In terms of risk factors of pancreatitis, you have to, for example, everyone found that, but I found something else. You have high fats in your blood. If you find something else, you add it over here. We'll do a case later on, I would have spoiled it now. Maybe, I don't know, medication or something else. You just add it over here. That was with the reasons that I made this diagnosis. Now, let's make a list of differentials together. I'm making a differential for upper abdominal pain and gastropane. It is easy. Let's just start from the pancreas. Not skip it now. Pancreatitis and pancreatic cancer. I was thinking about pancreatitis inflammation, pancreatic cancer. Let's come to the right side. In the right side, I was thinking about hepatitis, holistic studies, colonigitis, even a cancer in the liver, all the gold letters. Come to the left side, gastroesophageal, reflux and peptic ulcer disease. We go up, ischemic heart disease or acute coroner syndrome, pneumonia, infection in your lung in the lower part. The way that I'll do it, I'll explain it. This is how I'll explain it to the patient. So, other things I was thinking about, possibly a cancer in your pancreas. I was thinking about problems in your liver and your goal, but about specifically hepatitis, colitis studies, that are inflammation in the liver and also your gold letter. But you didn't have any elusive discoloration of your skin. You didn't have any previous episodes of pain. Sometimes cancers in the liver are colongitis. I was thinking about gastroesophageal, reflux opeptic ulcer, ulcer in your stomach, or a little bit of acid irritation in your food pie. Not likely. You didn't have features of it. And I just wanted to make sure you don't have this chemical heart disease, any problems in your heart or infection in your lungs. You're not coughing, no shortness or breath, no fever. That's why I kind of ruled those out. This takes you to investigation. Now, on investigation, pancreatitis is a funny case. You can close your eyes and anything, everything is relevant, but you want to be a little bit picky. Peak number one. Peak number one. Li-piece before anything else. And by that I mean amulets. The first most sensitive, most specific test that I can do for pancreatitis is Li-piece. Then the rest of my blood. Now, what are the rest of the blood? I'll ask you a question. Choose the second most important thing that needs to be in your list. And just ahead, give your heads up, it's not amulets. And I left the... Now, your modern welcome to go on your rest. So, I want a full blood count. I want a ERCRCRP. Yeah, we do a VBG, ABG, yes. I want to do a UEC. Yes, I want to do blood sugar level. I want to do a lipid profile calcium. Yeah. The problem is, you call me after the exam. Amir, I said, full blood count, yes, RCRP, TFT, this, that. Did you say LFT? No. Did you say LIPA? No. What did you say? Yeah. So, just as a little bit like emphasizing on the fact LIPA, an amulet's LIPA is obviously better. You know, your blood's level function. This is the most important for me that I want to look at to make a decision about this. And if you want to get to imaging, I know this is the part that we want to fight together. Ultrasound CT, MRI, ERCRCP, whatever. We'll just do an ultrasound first. Yeah. To check the pancreas, to check the gallbladder, that's first. Don't worry. If you want to go any specialized, more advanced, further testing of that tract, we're not there yet. I'll just mention ultrasound. Now, someone says, we do a CT scan in our ID. I don't care what you want to mention here. I'll mention ultrasound of what a VELSE you want, but maybe top of my list is ultrasound. These are the investigations that I'm going to do for you. The key ones for me is this, this, maybe an imaging to be with you. So, this kind of wraps up case number one of your pancreatitis. We've looked at both new exam findings and also old exam findings. I'll just get you guys to please be careful and definitely pick up the cues of this patient. Guys, I'll add a recording later on. I'll let I want you to see. This is a very old version of this case. I just want to skip you to get to the more new versions. You can read it later on, nothing new. You have a 25-year-old lady who's presented to the ED complaining of upper abdominal pain. We gave you the investigations in the stem. So, when you look at the investigations, this is how we look at it. Okay, why it's up, but up. There's look, cytosis, liposis is very high. ECG is normal, UEC is normal. LFT is raised, AST and ALT are increased, but it's just two to three times the normal range. So, beside it, you have AST up to 40 is normal. This is 7080 something. ALT is up to, I don't know, 50-ish. This is, let's say, a hundredish. So, it's not that much of a severe raise in your liver, and so it's a mild range and totally normal in your pancreatitis cases. We'll just look at the tasks of this one. The tasks of this case tell you that what you want to do is number one, I'll just write it down for you over here. Take a history from this patient, explain your results, and just explain your diagnosis. So, the only purpose that I want you to see the recording, I'll give you a heads-up after class, of seeing the recording is history taken is the same. You're emphasizing on pancreatitis key points. The purpose of the case, I'm making it obvious you have a case of pancreatitis history, Rucularystactus. Just a small thing that you'll have to write down one small paragraph about how to explain light-based, white blood cells, the liver enzymes, and stuff like that. Your diagnosis is still going to be the same old pancreatitis. Again, this is kind of an old version. I'll add the small recording you can write it down later on for this one.