talking about the scoring system. Now, the scoring system is going to be an interesting topic to talk about, but at the end of the day it's going to be depressing because we're going to look at a lot of real feedbacks of real candidates who have gone into the exam for the last number of years and we're going to see that the scoring system is a little bit harsh and a little bit tough. But the importance of this discussion is when I run an OSCE and obviously I get you to perform a case that OSCE needs to have an outcome. Your outcome is your result, it's the idea that if you pass or fail. Essentially we have to think about what is the process of making that decision if I pass or fail and essentially the process that they are using is the scoring system. Now it's the scoring system that decides if you pass or fail, in case any if you understand the scoring system at least understand the parts that are understandable, not the subjective and unpredictable components. It might help you a little bit to deal with this exam and your preparation and your performance a little bit better. AMC has come in their annual reviews a number of times and they've kind of mentioned it formally that we are using a new scoring system and it's interesting that every time they come out and say we're using a new scoring system we're using a new mark sheet or scoring grid. What happens is you have a significant drop in the passing rates. I say the most significant one was in 2015 after they announced that we have relooked into our scoring system. That's when you're 60, 70% passing rate dropped down to 25% so obviously the scoring system did something to us because how did a 70% passing rate, 60% passing rate in the previous year suddenly end down to 25% 20% passing rate. So it's clearly the scoring system because I want to say IMG suddenly at 2015 were less knowledgeable. So that scoring system obviously wanted something new from us that it has taken us a number of years to realize what they really want and AMC obviously doesn't want to come out and talk about this. So in this video we're going to deep dive into the scoring system, try to talk about the things that AMC tells us and then look at real life experience. Now you already know that you're going to get 16 stations in the exam, 14 stations are going to be scored, two stations will be pilot stations, you do not know which stations are pilot stations. AMC keeps on saying that we're going to use new cases as our pilot stations. I actually made fun of that point in the AMC conference in September that go check your exams, 90% of your pilot stations are well known cases and it is a little bit unpredictable, unfortunately we've had new cases pop out in the exam for the first time and from day one they happen scored stations. So you really don't know which two stations are your pilot stations. So as we've discussed before you want to approach the exam as 16 stations and do your best on all 16 stations, you really don't know which one is going to end up being pilot. But out of your 14 scored stations, so out of the 14 scored stations, you're passing score that you need is nine stations. So if you score anything above nine, nine and above nine, 10, 11, 13 or 14 stations, you pass the exam. And if you get anything below nine, that means eight and below eight, you have failed the station. And AMC just reassures everyone that there is no limit on the number of attempts that are candidate can take the clinical exam. I personally have seen people who've done it 11, 13, 14 times since, I don't know, 2015, 2016. So let's proceed forward. Now AMC starts talking about the domains. In terms of the domains, there will be between three to five assessed domains in these stations. I like to call these the tasks or the areas that they give you the scores. Usually if you have free tasks, take a three-ass physical examination diagnosis and different shows they're going to give you one score for history, they're going to give you one score for the physical examination, one score for the diagnosis and different shows. And all of your cases have a separate score that is the approach to the patient. The way that you talk to the patient, the way that you kind of get that done. Just to give your heads up, your standard case in the face-to-face exam, 90% of your cases are going to be free tasks, the standard diagnostic formulation cases of the face-to-face exam. You will occasionally have cases with two tasks that are usually counseling cases or examination cases, do physical examination diagnosis, differentials or explain your diagnosis, counsel management. But maybe it's this that we're talking a little bit more. Yes, you do have cases with full task, five tasks. And I know you want to start crying about time management, but it is the design of a case. They are a handful of cases. They are not that common in 2025, but they do happen. And once you get a case that has more than three tasks, I always tell myself when I read the stem, I need to be fast in this case. Now, let's go forward. We are talking about the global rating. So if you want to talk about each and every case of how they decide if we pass this case or fail the case, at the end of the case, after scoring your domains, your examiner will decide on a global rating, the global score of the case. And usually it's a seven point scale that they do. So for each domain and also for the global score, it's a seven point scale that they have, one to seven, free and below is a fail, four and above is a pass. So this is how this grid works. So on history, taking I give you four physical examinations, I'll give you five, diagnosis, and differentials, I give you three at the end of the day, the examiner needs to decide on a global score. And it's your global score that decides if you pass or fail a case, a global score, free and below is a fail, four and above is a pass. Now, we want to talk about the important point. The examiner takes into account when they are deciding on the global rating, they take into account the predominant assessment area of that station, which is why we talked about the predominant assessment area very early. And takes that into account and your global rating alone determines if you pass or fail that station, a score of three and below is a fail, four and above is a pass. So the first thing that we've kind of realized is predominant assessment area is significantly important. I'm going to look into it in detail. We've already talked about the four predominant assessment areas of history taking the cases that have six minute history taking, the examinations that have performed physical examinations, diagnostic formulations are the ones that take a history, we'll give you an examination or ask an examination or we'll give you an investigation to us the diagnosis and your counseling cases. So essentially, this is how it's going to look like. For example, you've got an abdominal pain case on history taking the examiner has given you four on diagnoses and differential examiner has given you four. The approach was free for the global score. The examiner has decided to grade you as a pass and the predominant assessment area, AMC tells you in your feedback or history taking. So we are going to kind of talk about the pre-dominant assessment area in a little bit more detail, but let's go deeper into the problem and the scoring problems we have. Now, AMC tells us they say this in their specification hand, but it is important to note however that the scores for the aspects of the marking that are reported as part of the feedback do not directly or numerically determine an over result or a pass or a fail for the station, which means it doesn't mean if I get four in all of the tasks I'll pass the case, and it doesn't mean if I get four, three, three I will fail the case. This is what the statement means that the pass and fail result is not directly or numerically determined, does not determine the pass or fail of the case. I'll just pull up one of the feedbacks that we're going to look at in a second just to give you an idea. For example, in this case you've got a five to your approach, you've got a four in history, you've got a four in your management and your counseling for all of them are passing scores, but those numbers do not directly or numerically lead to a pass. It's not the average, it's not all of them above full. The decision is way more complex. So you have to understand this before we start looking at all of those feedbacks. AMC makes this very clear, so though this person should not go cry that why did they fail me? I got all fools. They clearly told you that directly or numerically it doesn't really decide your pass or fail result. The pass or fail result is determined by the examiner making a separate global rating about the candidate's performance across all the aspects of the station, but with a little bit more emphasis on the predominant assessment area. That is what we've learned from these two slides. They go forward explaining this one more time that it is not possible to determine whether a global rating that would result in a station being passed or failed was obtained for a station simply by looking at the scores associated with the aspects, the tasks of that station. Again, telling you the same thing, don't look at those each individual score and decide if you want to pass or fail. So the question is, if the scores directly do not decide if I pass or fail, what does an AMC tells you the standard of performance required to pass? Is this the clinical examination requires the candidate to demonstrate what passes you to the satisfaction of your examiner? And this is where things get a little bit interesting. Ooh, okay, satisfaction of my examiner is the point that decides if I fail or pass. Okay, that's a little bit harsh, but I thought we're doing a old-ski exam and I thought it was objective, which means it wasn't about the satisfaction of the examiner, it was the satisfaction of the mark sheet. But as much as we say this at the end of the day, AMC makes it very clear that yes, it is objective. Yes, we do have a mark sheet. Yes, we'll get them to score you on the boxes that we've left on the mark sheet, but the global scoring, that is what decides if you pass or fail will be the satisfaction of your examiner. So essentially, if you satisfy the examiner, you pass and if you do not satisfy the examiner, you do not pass. So let's go look at a few things. So look at this candidate. He's got an abdominal pain case, yeah, he got a five, a five, a five, and a three, but he's failed the station. So this kind of gives your idea that whoever tells you they take an average of all the schools and if the average is above four, they pass you, no, they don't because the average of this is above four. Yeah, the person who tells you if you get more fours or fives compared to the three, you'll pass the case. You got three fives, you got one three, you failed. And we'll talk about why the reason of this person failing. So I've got four in my history, past, four in physical exam, past, four in differential's past. I just didn't take off the approach of the patient that was free and the examiner has decided to fail you, you didn't satisfy the examiner to pass you simple. If you want to look at this one, they've given me four on history, they've given me five on choice and technical examination for on investigations, free on differentials, still failed. So even if you average, this is four, but still failed. Now, I'm here. One, two, three, four, four schools of passing just one score of failing, they failed me. Should I appeal this? We shouldn't appeal this. They wouldn't pass you. And there's a certain reason for that. They were going to look at it in a second. Again, four, three, four, four, fail, four, three, four, fail, five, five, five, three, three, fail, four, four, three, fail, four, four, four, three, fail. And maybe you're starting to get a little bit depressed and upset. And you're thinking, oh my god, the system is broken, the scoring system wants to fail us and stuff like that. It's not exactly that. So let's go into the detail of why we fail and what does this score, scores and the scoring system mean. There is a big emphasis on the predominant assessment area. And that is the importance of understanding a predominant assessment area. So we've already defined four predominant assessment areas. Let's come back to this slide. Just read, read it one more time. So we already talked about the global rating that the examiner decides the overall ability while deciding on the global rating, the examiner will take into account the predominant assessment area of the station. Now let's look at this one. So history diagnosis, the infertiles approach to the patient, four, four and a three. Now we just saw another four, four, three that was a fail. So why did this guy pass? Because the predominant assessment area was history taking. The examiner took into account that the history taking was a pass. I might ignore this free pass the candidate because the dominant assessment area has been done well. Let's look at this one. Again, predominant assessment area is management and counseling. So history is a four. Management is a four. Approaches a four. Diagnosis and differential was a three. I will still make the decision to pass because the dominant assessment area was the counseling. The counseling is a pass. I'll pass the candidate. Now let's look at this one. Predominant assessment area is diagnostic formulation. Okay, so history is passed. Physical exam is passed. Diagnostic formulation. So you have to formulate a diagnosis and a list of differential. You didn't pass it in that predominant assessment area and which is why I want to fail you. Someone else might pass the same station with such a thing that four, three, four, four. The free was on physical examination. The diagnosis for omission happened well all past. Let's look at this one. You're predominant assessment areas history taking. So although your interpretation of investigation is a four. Differentials and approaches a four. The predominant assessment area of history taking is not a pass. Fail. You're predominant assessment areas examination. Although interpreting your investigation and approach was perfect, you're predominant assessment area of examination was not good fail. Let's look at this one. You're predominant assessment areas history taking. The history taking was great. Differentials were not great. I will pass you. So having said all of this now, it does make a little bit more sense to you that they instruct the examiners. That when you're making a decision on the global rating, please keep into account the predominant assessment area and the scoring there. If they have not passed the predominant assessment area, you will almost never pass the case. Almost never. Pre-dominant assessment area of examination. We don't want to look at anything else. Your choice and technique of examination was a fail. Your score is a fail. I don't care what scores you get. Pre-dominant assessment area of examination history great accuracy great diagnosis. Differentials approach great. Pre-dominant assessment areas examination. I cannot pass you. Unfortunately, I love to. You did a great job in the entire thing, but I cannot pass you based on the scoring system. It is objective. It is forcing me to fail you. Pre-dominant assessment area of history taking. Score is free. We're going to look at the rest of the tasks. Fail. Pre-dominant assessment area of examination. Free. The rest is perfect. Fail. Pre-dominant assessment area of examination. Everything is perfect. Performance of your procedure is not good fail. I know you get a little bit upset by saying this, but look accuracy was six. Choice and technique was five performance. I don't know what I did wrong. Obviously, there was something that you didn't take off for your examiner. Unfortunately, for you and him, he cannot pass you even if he likes you. Pre-dominant assessment area of history taking. Free. Differentials perfect. Approach perfect. Fail. I can show you a lot of these. We can just go. Now look at this one. This is an interesting diagnosis formulation. So accuracy is a four-word diagnosis and differential is a four. Choice and technique of examination was a three, but I'll still pass you because your pre-dominant assessment area was diagnostic formulation. Diagnosis and differential is important for me. If the pre-dominant assessment area of this case was examination, it would be a definite fail. Definite fail. That's just how the scoring system works. Look at this one. Interesting. Your patient counseling was free, but your management plan was five. Your approach was even bad, but your management plan was fine. Your pre-dominant assessment area is management and counseling. You're going to pass you. Your management was so good that dominant assessment area was done well. Your education counseling skills suck. The way that you talked to the patient explained it wasn't good, but I'm going to pass you. We've already looked at this one. So again, diagnostic formulation. You did a great job on his three-in-examination differential is not good and fail. Again, another one. So diagnostic formulation. The diagnosis differential score is low fail. Management and counseling. Your counseling and management is not good. I don't care about the rest fail. I can show you tons of these. All of these are recent 24, 2020, 24, 2025. You can just see them on the feedback. I'm just actually looking at how many, how many do I have left? I actually have a lot. So I'm going to go a little bit faster. So I can examination pre-dominant assessment area fail. A lot of files. Accuracy fail. Again, see failed. The diagnostic formulation counseling. So we've already looked at these stuff. So I'll just skip a number of them just to get to the next step. Now, how important is the approach? To be honest, the approach is the least important component because if you look at your pre-dominant assessment areas and your pre-dominant assessment areas, there was no approach to the patient. We don't have a case that the dominant assessment areas approach that is why it's the least important for me in the case. Some people tell you that approach is very important. Talk to the patient. Nice and empathy will pass you in the exam. It's funny that, you know, approach was free or even below free. The rest of them are full diagnostic formulation. Differentials and diagnosis is four and that's a pass. Again, your dominant assessment area is examination. I don't really care about that. Approach to the patient. I'll still pass you. So it's still nice to talk to the patient nicely, politely do the things that you want to do about communication skills. Empathy is still important. We want to do that in the exam. But if anyone tells you that you're going to pass or fail this exam because of empathy, I really would disagree even though I called 2025 the year of gentleness. I don't think empathy really has that much on your school. It's more by a key form structure and the way that you do a case focusing on your pre-dominant assessment area. But as much as things are looking logical now and you're thinking to yourself that, oh, looks logical. Now I understand why I failed because it was the pre-dominant assessment area. There are moments that you go like, why the hell did you fail me? So let's look at one together. So I mean, look at this one. You said diagnostic formulation is your pre-dominant assessment area and everything that you showed me, diagnosis and differential was a pass and they had passed. If it was a fail, they had failed it. But in some of the feedbacks, it's not going to make too much of a sense. So let's look at a few things together. In this one, okay, history taken is pre-dominant assessment area. But my history taken is full. Why did they fail me? You said it's the dominant assessment area and they don't care about a free in another place. But at this point, you come down to the satisfaction of the examiner. So at this point, if you send this to AMC and ask why today fail you, AMC codes themselves, the examiner has made a decision on your overall ability to his satisfaction that he wants to fail you, although the pre-dominant assessment area was a pass. And does this happen rarely? No. History taking was a four. You said if I get a four on history, diagnosis and differential was a pass, but I failed. History taking was the pre-dominant assessment area. I passed it, but failed. Another one. You said, approach to the patient is not important. It's a diagnostic formulation. I've got a passing diagnosis and differential. Why did I fail? I can only quote, I really have to see your performance to tell you why you failed. But obviously, the examiner did not cross you from the passing line and still decided that your overall ability, overall performance is a fail. Now, let's look at this one. So pre-dominant assessment areas are management and counseling. I have a four. The history is a three, but the overall result is a fail. So this is where the idea of only focusing on a pre-dominant assessment area crumbles that if I get a pass or a pre-dominant assessment area, it doesn't matter what I did in the other tasks. The decision essentially comes down to your examiner at the end of the day if they want to decide to pass or fail you. But let's go into a little bit of a deeper trouble that we want to talk about. This used to happen before, guys. This is not new. So this is definitely not new, but also in 2025, it's happening more frequently compared to the previous day. So back in 2019, 2021, two RSU C-cases similar to the things that I'm going to show you, but in 2025, I'm seeing it more with us, which does bring up the point that AMC is most likely considering critical errors or critical key points. If you look at your handbook, that the handbook is a book that was kind of written in 2013, 2014, 2012, I don't know what number of years ago, more than a decade ago. In that book, they had critical errors. Obviously, when the exam started, they had a decision that we want to do critical errors. Critical errors is do something we're going to fail. If you hit a critical error, it's a critical error. We don't get why else happens. I don't think they have a critical error, but to be honest, it's not about the name. Let's call it a critical key point. A critical key point or critical error is one super significant point that if you do or don't, we'll decide the fate of your case, no matter what schools you've got. And that is when you get things like this. Okay, so pre-dominant assessment error management. I've got a five, four, four, all of the schools are passing, but why did they fail me? The most likely answer is two things. Number one, satisfaction of the examiner still in play. But there is most likely a critical key point that was so important that, although you did a great job in it, I will not pass you without that. It doesn't matter if you want to call it a critical key point or critical errors, critical. Whatever the name is. Another one, five, four, four, fail, four, four, four, five, fail, six, five, five, five. Now, this is a candidate who's done a great job. Look, to be honest, when you show me these schools, you've almost ticked off everything on my marks sheet. I've still made the decision to fail you. This person usually comes in the telegram groups and Facebook and starts crying that I want to go for a pill. And interestingly, I'll follow a lot of them proceeding to a pill because when they look at it, they say like, I have to pass this case, the schools are passing. They're appearless rejected and they still fail. They come back to me crying that AMC's unfair AMC's mean AMC wants to fail us and stuff like that. But the importance is you missed a critical key point. You will like read when we talk together, you missed a very critical key point for the case that unfortunately, without that point, I really don't care what else you've done. For example, you get a case of DVT, for example, you didn't stop, stop the combined over contraception pills. Good job on managing the DVT, good job on follow-up, red flags, this, that, duration of treatment. It was a counseling case of DVT. The patient was on COCPC, he didn't stop it. That is a critical error for me. I will not pass you in the DVT case, DVT counseling case if you don't stop the COCPC after an episode of a deep inter-embrosis. Now, 446, 4 and again unfortunately, fail, 445 fail. So I told you like these colored feedbacks, the ones that are kind of like greenish, blueish, greenish, these are 20-25 feedbacks you are seeing. They are happening more in 2025. I didn't have too much of these back in 2024 on the previous years. I just had a few that I could show. 445 fail. 445, 444 fail. So essentially, there is something happening. Now, what does AMC say? AMC says they still agree in their specification book that typically each station has two to five key points. We would like to call key steps that the candidate is expected to demonstrate and these are marked as observed or not observed. So we agree there are key points. We don't want to call them like critical key points or whatever. I'll take you back to my days. So this is the type of feedback that you will receive back in 2018. So they kind of changed the way that it looks. And back in 2018, they used to post it to us. So it wasn't like a digital copy like what you have now to download. It looks very similar. But in 2019, when they redesigned their feedback form, they removed this. So go look at the old feedbacks. They used to tell you, yes, it's the same headache case. Yes, you still have a global score that they used to give us a global score. Now they don't write down the number. They just tell you if it's a passive fail. They score you for the approach, score you for the history, score you for the diagnosis and differentials. But they used to tell us keep on number one. You did not take it off. Keep on number two. You did keep on number three. No, four. Yes, five. No. The point back then when they used to show us key points was the fact that if you tick off the key points, you will pass a case. And that was the significance of key points. And if you usually miss more than one key point, there's no chance of passing it. So no, no, no, definitely fail. I wouldn't even think about it. No, no, no, I'm not going to look at the score. It's going to be a fail. No, no, three, four, four, still going to fail you. Even if the predominant assessment area of this case was management, I'm still going to fail you. Yes, yes, no, four, four, four, three. I'm going to fail you. Now, the understanding that we have to get out of this is that there is a component of key points because when you look at these scores, this is a physical examination, dominant assessment area of examination that you have a five over here, but only differentials are low. But because you miss two key points, it is a fail. Again, no, no, what I really care about the rest, this is a fail. And essentially, it comes back to this point that if anyone sends me this and tells me why did I fail, I know why you failed. I ask you, did you do the key point of the preliminary and bulls' case? That was checking for size difference on physical examination of DVT. No. So good job doing a respiratory examination pass, but the critical key point has nothing ticked off. So you want to remember key points are important. And that is why in our classes in the history taking things and everything we do together, we talk about key points. We occasionally come down to this decision. So even in the other day, the first class of medicine chapter one, someone asked me like, okay, so what if I don't get time to ask about past medical history, family history and smoking history? Is that important? We have a very limited amount of time for a task. No matter what the task is. Let's just use it as an example history taking. Now, it's your decision. We both agree that forminess is not enough time to do everything. The only question is, you have two hands. So you draw a line somewhere in your history taking you tell yourself that these points get me more school. These points get me less school, pass medical history, to be honest. Yeah, nice to ask, but yeah, we'll like it in schools for that. It's exactly like playing poker. Imagine you're playing poker even if you don't know how poker is played. Let's say your left hand gives you 65% of winning the cash on the table and the right hand gives you a 35% chance of winning. Which hand are you going to choose to play? I'll definitely check this one. So when we compare questions together, when you ask me, what about past medical history? I didn't get time to ask, I tell you like, I didn't even really care. You asked me the key points. The key points were ticked off the things that had a major higher chance of passing you in the case and I will pass you, I don't really care about that. Few percent that are left for past medical history. So it's your decision to understand key points and understand the importance of each and every case has a few questions. Each and every case has a few points that if you do not hit those few points, I don't really care what else you've done. I will get to the end of the case and say, 666, I still fail you. And that is the reality of the exam, just the importance of the key points. Now, there is an examiner effect that we need to talk about. Unfortunately, this is happening more in 2025. So just a disclaimer, everything that I talk about is just a feeling that I have. I don't know what's happening on the MC side. I'm not saying this is happening, but this is what I feel. What is the examiner effect? We have had days that we have strange scoreings, by strange scoreings, I mean everyone suddenly fails a case. How do you kind of make the decision of, okay, everyone is failing in this examiner effect over here. And your feedbacks, AMC is leaving you something like this now that your passing score is 4. They're gonna put it down like we don't know that, but anyway, your score is a 3. The average score of that station in 40 candidates on the day is whatever, 2.5, it's 4.4.5, whatever. I've been following a lot of feedbacks and it's interesting. I would assume that if I was running the exam myself as the main coordinator of the exam, my quality assurance will look at this because I would expect that examiner to have something of our average score between over here. I would expect this is a good quality performance of the examiner. So it's a little bit rare for everyone to fail in a case. It might happen maybe a new case, maybe a hard case, but it's a little bit hard to say it's the case and everyone is failing. It's sometimes there's an examiner effect. And if you look at feedbacks out of your 20 cases, 15 of them always land their average between 3.5 to 4.5. A little bit higher or lower than 4. That is completely acceptable. But in some exams, you get average score of 2.5 and even below 2. So let's say if the average score is 2.5, let's just think what does that mean in terms of mathematics. If 40 people walk into the exam on the day, if the examiner fails 20 of them with a free, fails 20 of them with a 4, as an example, the average of that is 3.5. So well, 2.5. Okay. So if the examiner gives 10 people free, sorry, gives 10 people 4 and gives 30 people free, this will land you on an average around. It'll still be something like 3.0 something. Yeah, 3.0 something. It also gets you the exact number. Yeah, just jumped on my calculator. 3.25. Wow, average of 2.5. So what are you saying? Like on this day, the examiner almost failed everyone and not a fail with free, with below free. That has happened. These are the weird days of 2025 that unusually we had a high failure rate of the exam in cases. They are well known cases that we are passing in the exams before that with the same approach after that with the same approach. We are unusually failing them. The only explanation that I can have for that is obviously examiner effect. It doesn't make sense to me how did we fail the Iron Difficiency Anemia in March 2020 free. Everyone failed it on the day with the same approach that passed that is passed us in the previous exam and in the next exam in June, the same case everyone passed it with the same approach. The only explanation that you have is the examiner effect. That does bring up the topic of, yeah, it was a little bit subjective, but it is an objective structured clinical exam. AMC themselves quote this as subjective to your examinist satisfaction. So I don't really care what quality assurance they do if they recheck it once or twice or whatever they do. At the end of the day, they are agreeing that there is a little bit of examiner effect in this. Next thing that we want to talk about in the Squaring System is time management, the critical thing that we need to talk about in the face to face exam. In the face to face exam, time management becomes more critical because in the online exam, most of your cases were two tasks. And even if you add a third task, it will just put the physical examination on the screen. You don't need to ask it. In the face to face exam, most of your cases are free tasks and you just have one prompt time. That means at the end of the day, two of your tasks will be in one allocation of time. You take a history for four minutes, that's good. I tell you, but the rest of the four minutes, you have to divide your time yourself into physical examination diagnosis and differentials. So that is one thing that you want to keep in mind and be careful about your time management. Now, the reason that we kind of need to talk about time management together is, our world notice the trend in the years that if you usually run out of time for one of your tasks that is always your last task and in your last task, 99% of the time, it is a task of differentials. The overall conclusion is usually a fail irrespective of all the predominant assessment area and the rest. So this is one of the best examples I had used. I didn't get a better one since 2018 or 19 that I got this from one of the girls. This is someone who's gone into the exam and has smashed everything. So she's done history seven, physical exam seven, differential seven choice of investigation six, but the only thing that happened to this candidate was you run out of time for your last task and this is a case that look at it. You have to take a history for a few minutes as physical examination, explain differentials, tell us investigation and management plan. You had five tasks. It was your responsibility to understand that this case, you have to be a little bit faster in your time management. Now, the final result of this is a fail and the interesting thing is the examiner didn't really take into account this significant perfect performance that this candidate has in the previous tasks. If you run out of time for a task because you didn't manage your time yourself at the end of the day, I don't really care what else has happened in the rest of the task and I will fail you. And that is the understanding around differential diagnosis. Many of you are going to run out of time for differential diagnosis. So one part of the story is you have to manage your time. If you have more than three tasks, please be careful for it. The second conclusion out of time management is you have to be aware of that last thing that you're going to do in that case because if you have a dominant assessment area of history taking, you took history for six minutes, you explained the diagnosis for one minute when you start differentials, you have less than a minute, even if you're the fastest person in the world. In that case, that you had a history of one prompt time physical examination diagnosis and differential, you didn't realize that you went a little bit beyond the standard two minute, two minute and a half or pp, you did one minute of diagnosis that left you with 30 seconds of differentials. And that is one big consideration in time management, the topic of differential diagnosis. Once we come to differential diagnosis, it becomes more significant because number one, we not only have problem in time because I don't have time to do that. If I'm running out of time for anything, it's this category. Number two, it's a knowledge of differentials. Many of you walk into the exam when I ask you what is the differential for chest pain, you go MI, paracarditis, the recap, pulmonary embossum, then this happens. The trauma, I don't know, the shingles. And if you only have 30 seconds after the third one, you're going to run out of time and essentially you've told me free. So I'm going to show you a few feedbacks about the differential diagnosis, just to signify the importance. I've already made this clear that differential is the foundation of your case. If your differential diagnosis list is not solid, your history taking is not good. If your differential diagnosis list is not solid, your examination is not good. And if your differential diagnosis list is not solid, you will never pass the case running out of time because you're thinking to add differentials and that stress and tightness of the exam. Good differentials don't come out, they don't come out on time and it leads to an overall result of a failure. Now let's look at it. Again, this is the most common type of a failed feedback that I see. For approach pass, history pass, physical exam pass, diagnosis and differential is free. If I just had a few extra seconds to add more, I knew it, I didn't get time fail. And let's go forward. Again, approach, take a history, diagnosis and differential is great job on history taking. Unfortunately, differential, you just set the diagnosis, you ran out of time, only one. That was your diagnosis, you ran out of time. And I'm not going to pass you. 4443 fail, 4444, everything going well, you ran out of time for differentials. I'll see you next time. Now, 6665, so you can see this is a good candidate who spits out differentials quickly, good differential specific differentials and gets the job done. Again, it's always a comparison of the candidate who doesn't do differentials compared to the person who does good differentials. And the interesting thing for me is, you know the cases have differentials, but you don't prepare for it. Like for example, you do have a Geediness Physical Examination. The examination itself is a headache to pass. It's a very hard case to pass. You did pass that. The only thing is you forgot even in physical examination, you have to prepare for differentials. Oh, I know the diagnosis. This I know number two. I don't know anything else. And at that point, we have a problem together. And this is the feedback that people send to me because I usually talk to you guys after the exam. You failed the exam. It's extremely bored. A line issue. You tell me like, you know, you've been always emphasizing on differentials. I've failed my exam with eight stations. I just need one station to pass. So I'm thinking about appealing this one. Now history is a four. Approaches a six. Great job. Commentary to the examiners. Four differentials is a three. Probably the differentials that I mentioned were not on the list that they had. And just reminds me of the importance of adding as many differentials as possible. So this is the point that some people ask me how many differentials should I mention to pass the exam. And my joke is always the same as many as you can because you can never guarantee which one is on your examiners list. Again, five, five, five, great job differentials free. Either didn't know it didn't come out weren't good differential was a big problem when you failed the five, four, four, four. You did a great examination. You just forgot to prepare differential for the physical examination fail. And this is usually a very common problem. Now we want to do a small practice together. This practice is interesting for me because I don't want to design a case myself. I don't want to tell you what I feel about it. We're going to use a handbook case. I'll go through what I want you to do. But please pause the video. Take the time. It just takes 15 seconds to do this practice with me to get an idea. Now let's read a case from your handbook. You have a kid where to go in a 50-year-old man. You're working in a primary care facility attached to a teaching hospital. You have a 50-year-old man who's consulting you about intense dizziness is a previous patient who is overweight is on medication for hypertension, hyperlipidemia. He appears on well and distress and he has a slight drooping of the left eyelid. His wife has drove into the hospital. Now, only thing that I want to ask you is please grab yourself a scrap paper, stop the video, pause it in a second, write down a list of differentials for this case. You don't know anything about the history. You don't know about what I give you or don't give you. You just want to think differentials for this case. Based on what you have, tell me differentials. I want you to prepare your list. Please pause the video now. I'll just wait for three seconds and continue with the discussion. Now that you're back, I want you to compare that list of differentials with the differentials that the handbook has written for the examiner. So the handbook says that this is my list of differentials. The diagnosis is stroke and TIA. Just be careful. You're going to give them one score for this stroke and TIA are the same thing. That's just transient. The other one is not transient. The other differentials are laboring TIA. It's been non-positional. I've always used more vertigo. Many of these are migraine cerebral tumor, multiple sclerosis. If you've mentioned brain tumors, that'll still get the job done for you. Now, one, two, three, four, five, six, including this. This gives you seven scores for differentials. Please look at your list and tick off the number of differentials that is on this list. If you get free, give yourself free out of seven. If you just got one, give yourself one out of seven. If you got seven, give yourself seven out of seven. Now, this is the problem. America, can I go in the exam and say five differentials and pass? Okay, differential one was on the list. Second one was on the list. Third one, fourth and fifth are not on the list. Imagine you're in a case with the predominant assessment area of diagnostic formulation. I'll see you next time. I'll give three out of seven and fail. Hopefully no one wants to ask me, will I pass the exam with three differentials? Just think to yourself. This is where the topic of differentials and what I want you to do on differential comes up differentials. You need a long list. We already talked about in our first session of medicine chapter one that needs to be specific. It needs to be good differentials. So you need to tell me good differentials and from different categories. For example, if you tell me brain tumor, sir, where do your tumor, a ghostly tumor, another tumor in the brain, all of them are in the same group. I'm not going to give you five, because I'm going to give you one. And this is the problem that you start counting in the exam. I said stroke number one. I said TIA number two. I'll say like these two together got you one school. And maybe the last thing that I want to answer. So when I'm saying differentials, should I say layman terms or should I use medical job and you should use the technical term for that condition, because the examiner is not going to take it off. The best example is the fact that, for example, if you have a headache case, if you tell me infections, I as the examiner, I'm not going to take off sinusitis meningitis dental infections. They are infections, but they are not specific enough. You have to tell me the medical jargon. And this is one of the feedbacks over a long time ago. Let's read it out together. I have abdominal pain case. We are in the GI workshop. So it does apply to this. I went into the differentials and started talking that there can be stones inside of your gallbladder or the ducts. That for me is just the same thing. It could be infections or inflammation of the gallbladder or the ducts or the liver itself. And possibly it could be a malignancy or a tumor of the liver, but that's likely because you don't have this and this and my bell rang and I ran out of time. Now at this point, if you look at this case, the differentials are given as free and although the predominant assessment area was history taking, it has led to a fail. So if you ask me what is one big important category that will pass you in the exam is a good solid foundation on differentials. If I was the exam now, I would have given one score to the stone. One score to infection and inflammation if I want to be super nice to her. One score for malignancies or tumor just being nice to her at the end of the day, I would have failed her. Even if she would have said one unspecific extra differential, I wouldn't have counted that these differentials are not specific. So asking the question, yes, when you mention differentials, you have to mention the technical term. And if you want to just do the last one together, you have a 48 year old man, Presency Emergency Department, complaining of acute onset chest pain. You have to take a history for this case. You have an ECG Interpretative Examiner, Diagnosis and Differentials. When you see this case, you already know I'd have the MI case or the paracordiative case, very obvious. Everyone knows the recall. Now please pause the video right down on the list of differential for me. I want a long list of differential. I want it to be specific. I want it to be good. Pause this video, give yourself 30, 40 seconds, right down, a list as long as you can. And I'll continue talking after a few seconds. Now, if I personally am designing this case and I'm making a mark sheet for examiner, when I'm designing it, I will talk about it when we do our CVS cluster together. I'll look at motor, I'll look at up to the dial, I'll look at acroes manual, I'll look at any reliable reference and source. When they make a list of differential for life, for the chest pain, they make it into the group of life, for thinning and non-life, for thinning. And if I just have to write down six to seven differentials, I'll just choose these guys. So my differentials are already clear. It's MI, it's paracordiatives, pulmonary embolism, normal thorax, that's four, esophageal rupture, that's five. Again, I might add a few extra things to that. Like, for example, another card, you've asked the one or another, for example, respiratory condition. For example, lung cancer is my next one. And the other one that I want to do is heart failure. Now, for the purpose, person who sets shingles, shingles is on the list, but obviously doesn't get you any points, it's not on the list for your examiner. So this is the point that choosing a good list of differential becomes a little bit challenging, which is one further reason of why I want you to do a long list, because in that stressful environment of the exam, in that stressful few seconds that is left, it's not the place to start thinking which differential is good. Most of you guys don't get to that level of mental preparation to do that under that amount of stress. You can always sit out of the exam and think about good differential. And yeah, I know it under that amount of stress, you're making decisions very fast and you really don't have the time to kind of think which one is good under that amount of stress before you run out of time. And let's kind of get to the last one. So again, I want to see feedbacks like this. I want to see a feedback that you sent me and tell me like, I've submitted out a long list of differentials, good specific differentials, I've got a seven essentially, I've picked up each and every differential of my examiners list. So I'm emphasizing a lot on differentials guys just to tell you that if you really want to pass this exam, one big component for you is differentials. I'll reassure you, we IMGs are not good at differentials. When I ask you differentials, the problem with you is, okay, number one, number two, recall one, recall number two, I know it, number three, trauma. Wouldn't get you any schools. Insect bites, please think about it yourself. Blood finesse bleeding disorders, infections, I will not pass you, I will not score you for those differentials. You need a long, good specific list of differentials that is ready on your mind solid for you to tick them off. And this is before the passing rate change, change. So before 2024, you have to get 10 stations to pass the exam now, it's nine stations. Like you told me, I just needed a few extra seconds to say the differentials, but I ran out of time if I only had five extra seconds, and I would have passed that station that I knew the differentials, I would have passed the exam. But again, maybe it should have been a little bit faster, maybe it should have had that mental preparation that your job is to deliver the list of differentials as fast as you can. Now getting towards the end of our discussion about the scoring system, so we've come a journey together, we want to talk about the borderline candidate. 90% of you guys who failed the exam are going to fail the exam with eight stations. And an interesting point that 90% of the people who pass the case are going to pass with nine stations. And it's really interesting, this very vague border between this pass and fail. One of the big factors in play over here is your pilot stations. It's very interesting that if I choose case, for example, 18, 19 and 20, the candidate who has passed the exam with nine stations, comparing to the candidates who have failed the exam with eight stations, if I change the pilot stations, this person will pass, this person will fail. And that is how thin this line of passing and failing is. So many of the people who get eight out of four in the say like the station that we came pilot was the station that I did my best. And if that one was, wouldn't have been a pilot, the well known case I would have passed the exam. And again, this unfortunately, that's something that you don't have any control on. But in terms of the borderline candidate, I just want to give you a heads up again. This is not new guys. There is a funny story that before AMC changed the passing school. So when the passing school was 10 stations to pass the borderline candidate will always get nine when AMC said nine stations is needed to pass. Now everyone is getting eight and failing the exam for eight stations. I can't I don't know why that is happening, but it is happening. The question that I always ask that candidate is what could have made your eight into a nine. So you just needed one extra station. You just needed one small extra station. The candidate who gets eight out of 14 always comes back to me saying this that I talk to a person who passed the exam on the same. The hair answers are the same except for two minor differences, but unfortunately those two minor differences are enough to fail you. The overall decision of the exam was to fail you. What makes me upset is the same person comes to me sends me one feedback, second feedback, third feedback, and fourth feedback. And tells me like look, I have a number of failed cases. I want to do a peel on these four cases because look at the scores I need to pass. I have another case that other case is also four, three, four. They passed me and that one they failed me in this one. My friend also has for my friend did the exam on the same day. She has a four, three, four. She's past it. And when I compare my performance, we've done the same thing. I want this is unfair. I want to go for a peel. A peel is still rejected. When I see scores like these guys, these are borderline performances. I'm not saying your knowledge is not good. I'm not saying your performance is not good. Your performance is borderline. Your performance is not good. Your performance is not bad. So I'll tell you what happens. I've experienced this as an examiner of osc. exams myself. A candidate comes to a station. That's something out of five key points. That's three out of six, seven differentials. That's three, four of them out of everything that he had to do. That's almost half of them a little bit more, a little bit less in each task. When the candidate closes door, I think to myself, I want to pass her. She wasn't that good to pass. I want to fail her, but she wasn't that bad to fail. But I need to come down to a decision. I don't have any grazon to say like maybe pass, partial pass, borderline pass. I have to say clear pass or clear fail. This is the tricky moment that our examiner starts thinking. Okay, what are the reasons for me to push the candidate into a pass? What are the reasons to push him into a fail? That is the purpose of this discussion. You have to start thinking to yourself. The same question is answered over here. What did this candidate need to do to push that eight into a nine? I'll tell you what examiner thinks about. Examiner will think about more differentials. If he would have even given me one more differential, maybe instead of infection would have been a little bit more specific by signers, I would have passed him. This retraction structure, maybe if he was a little bit more organized in the history instead of that messy performance, he did over the past. If he would have addressed the concern of the patient, maybe would have been a little bit nice with my role player over the past. If he maybe would have ticked off one extra key point, maybe a little bit clearer than what he did over the past. If he would have probed the positive findings instead of just brushing it under the carpet over the past. But the candidate, this one gave a good list of differentials, although she has a free but the list of differentials could all pass her. The way she talked communication skills, active listening was good all pass her. Structure was lovely all pass her. She had a logical clinical reason all pass her. So you always have to think about this borderline performance that you don't want to be one of these borderline performances because it is painful to fail the exam because of this. If I only had five extra seconds in here, I had no new differentials. I heard the bell I even said my differentials the examiners had sorry, time is up. It's always the conversation about borderline performances which kind of comes to the final discussion over here. Your job is to aim for the best version of your own performance. Calling it your best version of your performance, it's the best structured logical sequencing, well-sequence history taking that you can do. That includes all the key points that are very critical to your case that tries to rule out any differential that is important in that case. When you get to differentials, your list needs to be long because you're aiming for the best, hoping and crossing your fingers that the examiner will score you and pass you. Your best doesn't always guarantee a pass because if I'm the grumpy, tough examiner, very challenging for me to pass anyone. So although you're aiming for the best and sometimes yes, you do great jobs in the exam. Unfortunately, it still doesn't cross the passing rate of the examiner and MCS made it clear we pass or fail on the satisfaction of the examiner. Your examiner was inside. It's fine due to whatever reason that I'm sure he has a reason. Your job is to aim for the best version of yourself. So ask me again, you told me five key points, how many should I tick off? It depends on how many times you want to do the exam. You said a long list of differentials, so how when it does that mean five, six? Your mother welcomed five, six in your exam call, we have to eat it in pass. And essentially in that small limited amount of time, you need to do your best. So concluding our discussion, we already know our cases have predominant assessment areas. It's interesting that AMC says the same selves that our market system for the examination contains three components, key points, domains and a global school. If you ask me what are the three components of passing exam, I'll tell you key points, differentials and a structure. You want to pass the exam? I'm giving you the way I'm giving you the way that you can pass the exam. You have to know the key points, you have to tick off the key points. I didn't get time, I didn't remember, it didn't come, it didn't come clearly is no, you didn't do the key points. I need a solid, long, good, specific list of differentials. Am I set infections? Will they score me? No. I said five, will they pass me? No. Trauma was in my list of differential number three, fail. And then we can I just go in, turn on my scatter gun and scatter any questions associated symptom, I'll tick off key points anyway. Good luck on doing that. If you need to pass the exam guys, the triangle you need is structure, key points and differentials. Now, I know part of the process you start thinking about this and you definitely heard this that AMC is unfair, AMC is bad, AMC wants to fail as AMC is a business AMC, this AMC that you have to understand is a totally normal psychological response for the people who fail. And it's the similar process to grief stages. Go re-grief stages, look at your parents who failed the exam, most of them go through the same exact stages of grief. The first thing is denial. There is no problem with me. My performance is perfect. I've checked it with someone else, AMC wants to fail me. I don't understand why they failed me. I'm denying that maybe I didn't do something properly, maybe I didn't perform properly, maybe something was a problem for the examiner that he didn't want to pass me. And it's totally normal, but I quickly show you this. Well, to anyone who comes and complains and cries, that AMC wants to fail us, I show you these feedbacks. I tell you the same examiner who gave your borderline and failed you has given a 6666 to someone else, which means they don't have a problem with passing you. They don't have a problem if you're giving 6 and 7 to anyone. As long as you understand, you have to tick off their boxes. Now, this is where the situation starts that you have to tick off AMC's boxes. AMC's mark sheet boxes. The problem is you want to tick off your own boxes or you want to tick off spider man's boxes. Spider man runs across. Spider man told you this is a key point. The only thing is it's spider man's key point. AMC laughs at that key point. It's the most stupidest thing that you can put as a key point. When you tell me that is a key point, I go like, that is funny. When you see feedbacks like this, so AMC is obviously passing people. AMC is giving 7 to people. So there is a 7 inaccuracy. They have boxes and yes, they will give it to you. As long as you do what they want you to do. Now, again, I'll repeat myself. The problem is what they want is not what you want. You want to short-card. You want to memorize recalls. I don't want to memorize differentials. I don't want to know differentials. I want to pass by saying trauma and insect bites. Sorry. I don't want to have a structure. I have a logical sequence, clinical reasoning and line of thinking. I want to give a messy list of questions, tick off random questions. It's not going to happen. AMC has designed this game. They tell you play the game with all rules. We don't have any problems passing you. You want to play it with your rules. We'll let you do it a few times until you come to the conclusion that the game was ours and the rules was ours. Unfortunately, you don't have the power to fight it because we've set the rules. You've come to me. You want to play a game with me. Play my game. I set the rules. You can keep your rules to yourself. I don't care what you do in your GP. I don't care what you do in your medical officer role. I don't care what you do in your hospital in New South Wales. I don't care what you do back home. This is my exam. I set the mark sheet. Play it with my rules. I'll give you a seven pass. You don't need to see each other. This is where we conclude our discussion on the scoring system. We talked about a lot of concepts and topics over here that might make you realize why we went into that discussion about predominant assessment area. Different types of cases. Talking about cognitive biases and everything just to get to this conclusion that this is a tough exam to pass. Everyone knows this. If you still don't understand it's a tough exam. Look at the passing rate of 25%. Now, I've seen great candidates who didn't pass on the first go. I usually make guesses on candidates that if they pass or fail. I've had some great people that I would have bet on them passing the exam. They didn't. Some of them went into the impression. I never heard back from them. Some of them said, he sent an email that day that they got to fail. Although we didn't really understand why they failed some stations, they did take exam interestingly as an emergency. Someone canceled in three weeks time the past exam. And that is just the importance that you have to be persistent because you have to have perseverance. You have to fight this. You have to play the game correctly. And as long as you understand that you need to do that, I can guarantee you're going to pass the exam. This is a tough game. No one told you it's going to be easy. If anyone has told you it's going to be easy, I will doubt that opinion. And I know about the end of this video, everyone starts thinking that I don't want to do this exam or you're crying already. You have your box of tissue beside you or you're thinking you have suicidal ideation. But I usually end this discussion with a few of the feedback. So I'm not going to show you too much. It's going to become boring after the second or third page. If I want to show you 60 feedback from people who have passed. Usually when people pass this enemy feedback, they write down something for me. When I read it, the first thing is obviously I get happy as happy as you guys get when you pass. When I see everyone passes this exam, I become very proud and happy. But there are always things that kind of are interesting for me. When I candid it says like it was my first attempt. Yes, I had scared, I had heard all the scary stories about the exam, about the face to face. But I still passed the exam on my first attempt. The thing that is interesting for me is they bring up these words. It was the structures that passed me. It was the structure and the key points. Please. This is how the exam is designed. It's not a mere saying this. I'm just telling you guys how the exam is designed. And again, trust my experience. I've been doing this for a number of years. I've done it myself the wrong way. I've done it myself the right way. I've seen the difference. I've heard to I've listened to stupid advice. Went into the exam just to realize, oh my god, maybe I should have thought that that was a stupid advice before the exam. Realizing in the second exam that what they want for me. So again, I went into the exam. I only had four months of preparation. Again, the thing that is interesting is the structured approach that we have. There's a stigma around clinical exam that is very hard. It's not doable at all. But it is easy to do as long as you do it their way, not your way. And again, this is a good opportunity that not only pass the exam but become a better clinician because the trust my structure that we do, the abdominal pain structure, we do is the same patient that knocks on you doing the ED or your GP. And it'll just make you a better doctor. I made use of my minimal time to do exactly what we went through in class. For please focus on structure. Focus on structure. I passed my first attempt to allow 40. I didn't study any recalls. I didn't study any notes. I didn't study anything else. It's an approach that makes it doable. It's the structure that makes it doable. I'm not talking about my class. I'm not telling you that my class is the best of my classes. The solution to passing. I'm telling you, if you don't see each other after this workshop, ever again, if you want to pass this exam, you have to have a good approach. You have to have a good structure. You have to have to do a good list of differentials. You have to cross off your key points. That is all I can tell you in order to help you understand this. So the scoring system coming back to the first slide, we talked about the scoring system for an hour or so. The scoring system parts part of it is predictable. Part of it, you can make guesses, but it's very hard to plan. I want to manipulate the scoring system because it is a little bit unpredictable who your examiner is. If he's having a good day, bad day, in the exam, it's not really the time you barely get time to read and think about what you want to do inside. Read your task now. Imagine you want to think about your pre-dominant assessment area. What is the pre-dominant assessment area? I want to be better in this case. It doesn't happen like that. It doesn't happen to everyone. You have to wait a minute to limit the time, even less than two minutes on the stress. It's not the time to think about that. The conclusion that I want to make out of this video is the exam is doable. The exam is passable. I'm not saying the exam is easy. The exam is tough. I don't necessarily agree that AMC is unfair when I see some performances. I don't necessarily agree the high failure, the I don't necessarily disagree with the high failure rate of this exam because you think you want to cheat yourself into memorizing 50 cases, three months of recourse in passing this exam, but this is a high stakes exam. You're going to get general registration that once you get general registration, you are at the same level of a local graduate of Australia. You can work wherever you want without any supervisor. It is a high stake exam. I'm not going to make it that easy. I'll say like before thinking about the problems on AMC side that I do is agree, there are some problems on this side. I'll say there are bigger problems on our side. I'm not saying on your side. I'm saying on our side. I've been on your side. I've done the exam once with five differentials. I was led to believe that trauma in sick but are differentials. I was led to believe that empathy will pass you in the exam, but it just didn't. So please aim for your best. The best of me is different to the best of you is different to the best of Alex. All of us have different circumstances, timing. We have different difficulties, work, and different responsibilities that we have to attend to. If you're serious to pass this exam, I will put in 100% of my effort, hoping that I might pass this exam. Unfortunately, I cannot guarantee that your 100% of effort will pass you in this exam, but it will give you a good chance of passing if your effort is done in the correct way. Unfortunately, for many people, they put in their 100% of effort, but their 100% of effort goes into preparing the recalls, memorizing three differentials. I wish that would work, but it doesn't. So please structure key points differentials. If you want to pass this exam, you need to be structured. If you want to pass this exam, you need to go to a approach. If you want to pass this exam, you need to look at this differentials. If you need to pass this exam, pass the case in the key points, nothing else. And the good news is all of you will pass the only question is after how many times. And we not only had problems with the pricing of the exam, the difficulty of studying for a few months. Now you have problems of booking the exam. And it's always painful if you have to do it twice. Again, I'm talking from a person who's done it twice. I've done an exam and a retest that was half an exam, but essentially I had to study twice. It is painful when you have to put everything down your work, everything and study for nine months. But you will pass it. If I can make that passing come one attempt earlier, so instead of the second to come at the first time instead of the third time to pass come on the second time, I've saved myself a lot of energy, a lot of time and a lot of sorrow crying in tears. So hopefully you found this video helpful. This is kind of the last video that I'll be adding in this strategic preparation video that is a conclusion of everything. At the end of this guys, you've already been listening to me for, I don't know, six, seven hours talking about different things. I always tell people that the six, seven hours that we've talked about together was very more important than doing cases because if you don't know what you're doing in the exam, you don't know how the exam is run and what's happening over there, you'll never end passing that exam even if you know the recalls. You need to know this, you have to understand this before we get to the point of, okay now let's start doing recalls together. And hopefully you found the journey helpful. I know you have a little bit of sadness deep down inside you but hopefully I've been able to cheer you up. Again, I usually show you a ton of past feedback, positive feedback and I can show you in 2025 alone we have around 170 people that ended up messaging me and feeling out of form for me. So it's not the only people who have passed the exam who worked with me. I can show you all 170, we can read it together but I feel it becomes a little bit boring after a while. Hopefully this has helped you change your perspective in how you have to approach this exam and how you have to prepare this exam and although it was a little bit sad at times hopefully you found it helpful.